   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 10.02.19

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun
   control has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential
   debates. Beto O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the
   sale of assault weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing
   guns back from owners. But buying back guns at a national scale isn't
   as simple as it sounds. Politics, heated debates, and real economics
   are all layers that add to a gun buyback's complexity. Would it work in
   America?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.27.19

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism.
   Young voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But
   after the protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be
   taken to ensure systemic change?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.26.19
     * experience economy

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo
   dining booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the
   Brooklyn site to see what all the hype is about.

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 8:00 am
     * world changing ideas

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Fifty-seven million people worked as freelancers this year. For some, it was
out of necessity, but for many others, it’s a new career choice that
government and businesses need to find better ways to support.

   35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5
   years ago
   [Photo: Hannah Wei/Unsplash]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Jessica Klein4 minute Read

   The freelancer’s reputation is one of constant hustling, underpayment,
   and a short life span. It’s just a glorified waiting room for when
   you’re in between full-time, salaried jobs, right?
   advertisement
   advertisement

   According to the sixth annual “Freelancing in America” survey, released
   on October 3 by the Freelancers Union (which has 450,000 members) and
   Upwork, a digital platform for freelancers and their employers, for
   every freelancer who sees their work situation as temporary, there’s
   another who sees it as a long-term career path.

   As more people opt for full-time freelance—28% did this year, as
   opposed to the 17% who did in 2014—it’s worth looking at their share of
   the U.S. economy. Freelance income currently makes up almost 5% of the
   country’s GDP, or close to $1 trillion. That’s a greater share than
   those of industries like construction and transportation. (Freelancers
   on Upwork make up about 0.1% of that total market, says the company’s
   CEO, Stephane Kasriel.)
   [Photo: Drew Coffman/Unsplash]

   In the U.S. this year, 57 million people worked as freelancers, up from
   around 53 million in 2014, the first year this study was conducted.
   That’s about 35% of the U.S workforce.

   “Because that number has been pretty consistent for [the past three]
   years now, we wanted to dig a little bit deeper,” says Kasriel. “We
   found that 46% say they can’t take a full-time [traditional] job
   because of personal reasons.” They have health issues, sick or aging
   family members, or young children to care for at home. About one in
   five freelancers wouldn’t be able to work non-freelance jobs due to
   health issues, according to the survey, but the flexibility of
   freelancing lets them still earn a regular income.

   Technological improvements make this option more feasible—77% of
   freelancers in the study said technology helped get them contract
   assignments. The internet also helps people who can’t work nine-to-five
   office jobs do their work from home.

   On top of that, freelancers are earning more than they used to. Per
   hour on average, they make more money than 70% of all types of U.S.
   professionals. The current median rate for skilled freelancers is $28
   an hour—and “skilled services”—like programming, business consulting,
   and marketing—make up 45% of freelance work, versus gig work like dog
   walking or Lyft driving.
   advertisement

   This year, 60% of freelancers started working that way by choice as
   opposed to by necessity (say, due to an unexpected layoff). The number
   of people who see freelancing as a long-term career option jumped from
   18.5 million to 28.5 million between 2014 and 2019. Because of the
   country’s currently low unemployment rate, posits Kasriel, it’s “harder
   for companies to find talent in the U.S., meaning talented individuals
   have more choice.” Since it’s easier to get a full-time job, those
   pursuing freelance careers are likely doing it purposefully, he says.

   Of course, not all generations freelance equally. In general, the rule
   is the younger an adult is, the more likely they are to freelance.
   While just 29% of baby boomers freelanced, 31% of Gen X did, as did 40%
   of millennials. Among Gen Z professionals, 53% did contract work.

   There’s still room for improvement in the freelance game. Just because
   a freelancer is a master of their particular skill, doesn’t mean they
   have any business training—and being a freelancer is akin to running
   your own business, whether you choose to officially incorporate or not.
   A full 89% of freelancers say they would have preferred for their
   education to have prepared them better for the freelance life, with 81%
   saying they could use more training in areas like networking and how to
   grow a freelance-based business.

   “Freelancers are spending literally 50% of their time doing the
   prospecting, marketing, and administrative work that they need to grow
   their solo businesses,” says Caitlin Pearce, executive director of the
   Freelancer’s Union.

   Pearce also points out that freelancers are 18 percentage points more
   politically active than non-freelancers. “We’re going to see more of a
   political constituency come together and talk about [freelancers’]
   issues,” she says.

   Politicians in some states, like Vermont and Utah, are already starting
   to pay attention to at least the economic power of freelancers and
   remote workers. Vermont, for instance, has seen its working population
   decline by about 16,000 since 2009. Last summer, the governor signed a
   bill to offer up to $10,000 for remote workers like freelancers to move
   there—ideally from larger cities like New York, where it’s popular for
   young people to move and start their careers. The idea is for those
   people to bring money from their jobs headquartered elsewhere to local
   Vermont economies.
   advertisement

   “There was so much demand in the first few weeks of opening that
   program,” says Kasriel. “These are policy makers that understand the
   next generation in the workforce.”

   The Freelancing in America study surveyed 6,001 working adults in the
   country ages 18 and older between June 7 and July 3 this year. More
   than a third of those surveyed worked freelance, but Kasriel believes
   that percentage won’t get much higher.

   “A lot of jobs are better done by full-time employees,” he says. “And
   there’s a lot of people for whom freelancing is extremely scary—you
   have to be an entrepreneur.”
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Jessica Klein is a freelance journalist whose stories about everything
   from cryptocurrency to Renaissance Faire kink have appeared in The
   Atlantic, Fortune, BBC, Vice, and The Outline. She is the coauthor of
   Abetting Batterers: What Police, Prosecutors, and Courts Aren’t Doing
   to Protect America’s Women, which chronicles the criminal justice
   response to intimate partner violence in the U.S.

   More

   Ideas Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

   Impact

Could these plastic-eating enzymes be the miracle solution to our plastic
problem?

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 10:10 am

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

The famously divisive band likely picked up some new fans by filing a
copyright complaint against Trump for using one of their biggest hits in a
bizarre tweet.

   This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
   president)
   [Photo: Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AFP/Getty Images]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Joe Berkowitz1 minute Read

   What: A copyright complaint against the president.
   advertisement
   advertisement

   Who: Mega-selling, mulletted band Nickelback.

   Why we care: Way back in history—scientists carbon-date the era as
   roughly “January 2017″—Donald Trump couldn’t get Bruce Springsteen to
   play his inauguration, so he got a Bruce Springsteen cover band. Then
   the Bruce Springsteen cover band dropped out. Then the real Bruce
   Springsteen played Barack Obama’s farewell party days later. This
   sequence of events offers a flavor of how popular musicians generally
   felt about Trump at the beginning of his presidency. Nearly three years
   later, aside from the likes of Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, and, sigh, Shania
   Twain, those feelings have only intensified. Even Taylor Swift has
   spoken out against Trump, coincidentally right in the middle of her
   album cycle. And now we know where Nickelback stands as well.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   “LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!” the actual President of the United States
   tweeted yesterday afternoon, despite having the option to not do that.
   It’s a reference to an antiquated meme based on a Nickelback video that
   I can’t fully bring myself to explain right now. It’s too early, and
   you don’t need to know it to appreciate the rest of the story. Read up
   on it here if you must. In any case, the president, who is in the
   subject of an impeachment inquiry for allegedly pressuring the
   Ukrainian government to investigate the Bidens, used the Nickelback
   meme to further smear Joe Biden and his son Hunter. While perhaps not
   quite as culturally tone-deaf as, say, Lena Dunham’s notorious “Sensual
   Pantsuit Anthem,” it was yet another hourly reminder of how tacky the
   president can be.

   Fortunately, less than half a day later, the band issued a copyright
   claim to Twitter and had Trump’s video taken down, rendering his tweet
   an embarrassing request to look at something that is no longer there.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   advertisement

   The Canadian band’s implied distaste for this president seems to echo
   an increasing number of Americans. A new USA Today poll reveals that
   45%-38% Americans support a vote by the House of Representatives to
   impeach Trump, with 44%-35% of those surveyed saying the Senate should
   convict and remove him from office.

   They say that a hero can save us, but Nickelback was apparently not
   gonna stand here and wait.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Joe Berkowitz is a writer and staff editor at Fast Company. His latest
   book, Away with Words, is available from Harper Perennial.

   More

   Entertainment Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 10.02.19

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun
   control has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential
   debates. Beto O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the
   sale of assault weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing
   guns back from owners. But buying back guns at a national scale isn't
   as simple as it sounds. Politics, heated debates, and real economics
   are all layers that add to a gun buyback's complexity. Would it work in
   America?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.27.19

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism.
   Young voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But
   after the protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be
   taken to ensure systemic change?

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   fastco works
     *

AT&T
     *

INTERAC
     *

MailChimp
     *

FastCo Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   collections
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * 09.26.19
     * experience economy

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo
   dining booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the
   Brooklyn site to see what all the hype is about.

Featured Videos

   advertisement

Latest Videos

   Video

The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

Americans used to consume their news from just one source. Now, U.S.
newspaper circulation has reached its lowest since 1940, and social media has
surpassed print as a news source. Surviving as a digital media company in
today’s world requires a more innovative, user-driven approach. This is why
Fast Company turns to its audience for feedback and inspiration.

   The secret weapon in Fast Company's latest redesign

   Video

The many factors involved in a gun buyback

Since the shooting in El Paso that left at least 22 people dead, gun control
has played a pivotal role in the Democratic presidential debates. Beto
O'Rourke has stated that he plans on not only banning the sale of assault
weapons like AR-15 rifles, but also buying existing guns back from owners.
But buying back guns at a national scale isn't as simple as it sounds.
Politics, heated debates, and real economics are all layers that add to a gun
buyback's complexity. Would it work in America?

   The many factors involved in a gun buyback

   Video

The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

The Global Climate strike showed the world the power of youth activism. Young
voices compel us to listen and can cut through the noise. But after the
protests and media storms subside, what steps need to be taken to ensure
systemic change?

   The Youth Climate Protests show the power of a desperate voice

   Video

The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

Ichiran Ramen is a hit in Japan with their tonkotsu ramen and solo dining
booths. The company now has two NYC locations, so I visited the Brooklyn site
to see what all the hype is about.

   The perfect ramen spot for dining alone

   Video

What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

What if you could interact with a holographic, 3D avatar of yourself? Martine
Jarlgaard wondered just that before she came up with Meet Yourself, an art
installation that takes a 3D scan of a person, and then allows them to
interact via an AR headset. Meet Yourself is a unique way of letting
technology change your perspective of you. The technology will next be
iterated in partnership with the Stanford University WSD HANDA Center for
Human Rights and International Justice.

   What would you say to a 3D version of yourself?

   Video

How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

James Algate started working in a bar at 17. Soon after, he was running his
own nightclub in the UK. He eventually sold the club and moved to Las Vegas
to become EVP of entertainment for the Hakkasan Group, creating nightlife
experiences people never forget.

   How the EVP of Hakkasan went from bartender to nightlife boss

   Video

How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

RuPaul's DragCon offers the opportunity for fans to meet their favorite drag
queens. With drag becoming ever more popular—audiences becoming more
diverse—the annual event at the Javits Center has begun to cater to everyone,
fostering an inclusive environment for kids and adults alike.

   How DragCon created an inclusive experience for everyone

   Video

'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

The new film 'Hustlers' is a story of those in need taking from Wall Street
elite to make ends meet. The film has had a successful week at the box
office, thanks in part to performances by Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu.
One of the reasons for its success is it raises an important question: how
far are you willing to go to pay the bills?

   'Hustlers' is a symbolic portrayal of real-life side hustles

   Video

Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

This week, Hasbro announced a brand new version of their iconic game,
Monopoly, designed to celebrate women trailblazers. We decided to give the
game a try to see if it lived up to its stated intentions.

   Does Ms. Monopoly really empower women?

   Video

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future

Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes that technology holds the key to improved
sustainability. He explains how Gucci is using things like leather grown in
vitro and 3D printing to reduce the carbon footprint of the luxury clothing
giant.

   Gucci CEO Marco Bizzari believes sustainability is the company's future
   advertisement
   advertisement

   advertisement

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 8:00 am
     * world changing ideas

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Fifty-seven million people worked as freelancers this year. For some, it was
out of necessity, but for many others, it’s a new career choice that
government and businesses need to find better ways to support.

   35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5
   years ago
   [Photo: Hannah Wei/Unsplash]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Jessica Klein4 minute Read

   The freelancer’s reputation is one of constant hustling, underpayment,
   and a short life span. It’s just a glorified waiting room for when
   you’re in between full-time, salaried jobs, right?
   advertisement
   advertisement

   According to the sixth annual “Freelancing in America” survey, released
   on October 3 by the Freelancers Union (which has 450,000 members) and
   Upwork, a digital platform for freelancers and their employers, for
   every freelancer who sees their work situation as temporary, there’s
   another who sees it as a long-term career path.

   As more people opt for full-time freelance—28% did this year, as
   opposed to the 17% who did in 2014—it’s worth looking at their share of
   the U.S. economy. Freelance income currently makes up almost 5% of the
   country’s GDP, or close to $1 trillion. That’s a greater share than
   those of industries like construction and transportation. (Freelancers
   on Upwork make up about 0.1% of that total market, says the company’s
   CEO, Stephane Kasriel.)
   [Photo: Drew Coffman/Unsplash]

   In the U.S. this year, 57 million people worked as freelancers, up from
   around 53 million in 2014, the first year this study was conducted.
   That’s about 35% of the U.S workforce.

   “Because that number has been pretty consistent for [the past three]
   years now, we wanted to dig a little bit deeper,” says Kasriel. “We
   found that 46% say they can’t take a full-time [traditional] job
   because of personal reasons.” They have health issues, sick or aging
   family members, or young children to care for at home. About one in
   five freelancers wouldn’t be able to work non-freelance jobs due to
   health issues, according to the survey, but the flexibility of
   freelancing lets them still earn a regular income.

   Technological improvements make this option more feasible—77% of
   freelancers in the study said technology helped get them contract
   assignments. The internet also helps people who can’t work nine-to-five
   office jobs do their work from home.

   On top of that, freelancers are earning more than they used to. Per
   hour on average, they make more money than 70% of all types of U.S.
   professionals. The current median rate for skilled freelancers is $28
   an hour—and “skilled services”—like programming, business consulting,
   and marketing—make up 45% of freelance work, versus gig work like dog
   walking or Lyft driving.
   advertisement

   This year, 60% of freelancers started working that way by choice as
   opposed to by necessity (say, due to an unexpected layoff). The number
   of people who see freelancing as a long-term career option jumped from
   18.5 million to 28.5 million between 2014 and 2019. Because of the
   country’s currently low unemployment rate, posits Kasriel, it’s “harder
   for companies to find talent in the U.S., meaning talented individuals
   have more choice.” Since it’s easier to get a full-time job, those
   pursuing freelance careers are likely doing it purposefully, he says.

   Of course, not all generations freelance equally. In general, the rule
   is the younger an adult is, the more likely they are to freelance.
   While just 29% of baby boomers freelanced, 31% of Gen X did, as did 40%
   of millennials. Among Gen Z professionals, 53% did contract work.

   There’s still room for improvement in the freelance game. Just because
   a freelancer is a master of their particular skill, doesn’t mean they
   have any business training—and being a freelancer is akin to running
   your own business, whether you choose to officially incorporate or not.
   A full 89% of freelancers say they would have preferred for their
   education to have prepared them better for the freelance life, with 81%
   saying they could use more training in areas like networking and how to
   grow a freelance-based business.

   “Freelancers are spending literally 50% of their time doing the
   prospecting, marketing, and administrative work that they need to grow
   their solo businesses,” says Caitlin Pearce, executive director of the
   Freelancer’s Union.

   Pearce also points out that freelancers are 18 percentage points more
   politically active than non-freelancers. “We’re going to see more of a
   political constituency come together and talk about [freelancers’]
   issues,” she says.

   Politicians in some states, like Vermont and Utah, are already starting
   to pay attention to at least the economic power of freelancers and
   remote workers. Vermont, for instance, has seen its working population
   decline by about 16,000 since 2009. Last summer, the governor signed a
   bill to offer up to $10,000 for remote workers like freelancers to move
   there—ideally from larger cities like New York, where it’s popular for
   young people to move and start their careers. The idea is for those
   people to bring money from their jobs headquartered elsewhere to local
   Vermont economies.
   advertisement

   “There was so much demand in the first few weeks of opening that
   program,” says Kasriel. “These are policy makers that understand the
   next generation in the workforce.”

   The Freelancing in America study surveyed 6,001 working adults in the
   country ages 18 and older between June 7 and July 3 this year. More
   than a third of those surveyed worked freelance, but Kasriel believes
   that percentage won’t get much higher.

   “A lot of jobs are better done by full-time employees,” he says. “And
   there’s a lot of people for whom freelancing is extremely scary—you
   have to be an entrepreneur.”
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Jessica Klein is a freelance journalist whose stories about everything
   from cryptocurrency to Renaissance Faire kink have appeared in The
   Atlantic, Fortune, BBC, Vice, and The Outline. She is the coauthor of
   Abetting Batterers: What Police, Prosecutors, and Courts Aren’t Doing
   to Protect America’s Women, which chronicles the criminal justice
   response to intimate partner violence in the U.S.

   More

   Ideas Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

   Impact

Could these plastic-eating enzymes be the miracle solution to our plastic
problem?

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
   #alternate

   [tr?id=1389601884702365&ev=PageView&noscript=1]

   Fast Company
   Menu

     *
     * (BUTTON)

     * Co.Design
     * Tech
     * Work Life
     * Creativity
     * Impact
     * Audio
     * Video
     * News
     * Recommender
     * Subscribe

   (BUTTON)
     *

Homepage
     *

Co.Design
     *

Tech
     *

Work Life
     *

Creativity
     *

Impact
     *

Audio
     *

Video
     *

News
     *

Recommender
     *

Subscribe

   Help Center
   collections
     *

Recommender
       The apps, books, movies, music, TV shows, and art are inspiring our
       some of the most creative people in business this month
     *

Strong Female Lead
       The struggles and triumphs of prominent women in leadership
       positions
     *

Productivity
       Productivity tips and hacks
     *

Platform Wars
       The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars
     *

Tech Forecast
       What’s next for hardware, software, and services
     *

Most Innovative Companies
       Our annual guide to the businesses that matter the most
     *

Most Creative People
       Leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways
     *

World Changing Ideas
       New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely
       new economic system
     *

Innovation By Design
       Celebrating the best ideas in business
     *

FastCo.Works Studio
       An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers
       who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens

   Newsletter
   Events
     *

Innovation Festival

The Grill

   Current Issue
   Current Issue
   SUBSCRIBE
   Follow us:
   Social media icons Social media icons Social media icons Social media
   icons Social media icons

   advertisement
   advertisement

     * 10.03.19
     * 10:10 am

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

The famously divisive band likely picked up some new fans by filing a
copyright complaint against Trump for using one of their biggest hits in a
bizarre tweet.

   This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
   president)
   [Photo: Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/AFP/Getty Images]
     *
     *
     *
     *

   By Joe Berkowitz1 minute Read

   What: A copyright complaint against the president.
   advertisement
   advertisement

   Who: Mega-selling, mulletted band Nickelback.

   Why we care: Way back in history—scientists carbon-date the era as
   roughly “January 2017″—Donald Trump couldn’t get Bruce Springsteen to
   play his inauguration, so he got a Bruce Springsteen cover band. Then
   the Bruce Springsteen cover band dropped out. Then the real Bruce
   Springsteen played Barack Obama’s farewell party days later. This
   sequence of events offers a flavor of how popular musicians generally
   felt about Trump at the beginning of his presidency. Nearly three years
   later, aside from the likes of Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, and, sigh, Shania
   Twain, those feelings have only intensified. Even Taylor Swift has
   spoken out against Trump, coincidentally right in the middle of her
   album cycle. And now we know where Nickelback stands as well.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   “LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH!” the actual President of the United States
   tweeted yesterday afternoon, despite having the option to not do that.
   It’s a reference to an antiquated meme based on a Nickelback video that
   I can’t fully bring myself to explain right now. It’s too early, and
   you don’t need to know it to appreciate the rest of the story. Read up
   on it here if you must. In any case, the president, who is in the
   subject of an impeachment inquiry for allegedly pressuring the
   Ukrainian government to investigate the Bidens, used the Nickelback
   meme to further smear Joe Biden and his son Hunter. While perhaps not
   quite as culturally tone-deaf as, say, Lena Dunham’s notorious “Sensual
   Pantsuit Anthem,” it was yet another hourly reminder of how tacky the
   president can be.

   Fortunately, less than half a day later, the band issued a copyright
   claim to Twitter and had Trump’s video taken down, rendering his tweet
   an embarrassing request to look at something that is no longer there.

     LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! pic.twitter.com/QQYTqG4KTt

     — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2019

   advertisement

   The Canadian band’s implied distaste for this president seems to echo
   an increasing number of Americans. A new USA Today poll reveals that
   45%-38% Americans support a vote by the House of Representatives to
   impeach Trump, with 44%-35% of those surveyed saying the Senate should
   convict and remove him from office.

   They say that a hero can save us, but Nickelback was apparently not
   gonna stand here and wait.
   advertisement
   advertisement
   advertisement

About the author

   Joe Berkowitz is a writer and staff editor at Fast Company. His latest
   book, Away with Words, is available from Harper Perennial.

   More

   Entertainment Newsletter
   ____________________ (BUTTON) Sign Up
   [X]
   Receive special Fast Company offers.
   See All Newsletters

Video

Impact

   Impact

South America’s second-largest forest is also burning

   Impact

Food, clothes, utilities: How people are using their cash from the country’s
biggest basic income pilot

   Impact

35% of the U.S. workforce is now freelancing—10 million more than 5 years ago

Creativity

   Creativity

This is how Nickelback reminds Trump what he really is (an unpopular
president)

   Creativity

How this wearable tech startup scored a starring role in Joe Rogan’s Sober
October challenge

   Creativity

This trippy short film seamlessly combines paintings, live action, and
stop-motion

Co.Design

   Co.Design

These magical books help kids learn other languages

   Co.Design

A new repository of the web’s best portfolios helps you design yours like a
pro

   Co.Design

The future of packaging could be as simple as a bar of soap

Work Life

   Work Life

Focusing on money above all else was one of my worst mistakes as a CEO

   Work Life

Upcoming performance review? How’s how to get the most out of it

   Work Life

Why taking sabbaticals are more productive than unlimited vacation

     * Advertise
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms
     * Permissions
     * Contact
     * About Us
     * Site Map
     * Fast Company & Inc © 2019 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
     * Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program

   [p?c1=2&c2=6916907&cv=2.0&cj=1]
