   #alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate alternate
   alternate alternate alternate

   Skip to content

   Marketing can change the world
   Newsletter
   Subscribe to The Drum Ink

Sections

   News

   The Latest news for the marketing & media industries.
   Creative Works

   Explore the latest, and greatest, creative work from around the globe.
   Awards

   Providing great companies with the recognition they deserve.
   Events

   Holding events to support, inform, challenge and advise.
   Contributor Network

   Latest insights, case studies and news from agencies, tech vendors,
   freelancers and other organisations.
   Jobs

   Search 2,345 jobs in marketing, advertising, creative and media.
   Network

   Take a fresh approach to raising your profile with potential clients.
   Research

   Features providing insights into the marketing industries.
   Studios

   Creating compelling content your customers will love.
   Recommends

   The fastest way to find the right agency
     * Advertise
     * About
     * Contact

     * Sign In

     * News
     * Awards
     * Find an Agency
     * Creative Works
     * Jobs
     * DataBass
     * Drum Network
     * Events
     * Research
     * Studios
     * Our Products
     * Business Solutions

   The Drum The Drum
   Subscribe
   (button)
   ____________________ Search
     * News
     * In Depth
     * Opinion
     * Interviews
     * Case Studies
     * Resources
     * DrumCasts
     * Video

   Topics

Trending:

   Business On The Move • Lush • Women's Football • Brand Safety • Amazon
   • WPP • Sports Marketing • People On The Move • Machine Learning • The
   Drum Roses Awards

Featured:

   The Drum Arms • Tomorrow Is Too Late • Predictions 2019 • Brands In
   Motion • WFA Global Marketer Of The Year • The BD100 • Pitch Perfect •
   The DADI Awards • Industry Insights • People On The Move • Advertising
   Week • The Drum B2B Hub • Customer Experience • Programmatic •
   Addressable TV • YouTube: Re:View

All Topics:

   Ad of the Day
   Ad Tech
   Adidas
   Advertising
   Affiliate Marketing
   Agency News
   Airbnb
   Amazon
   Artificial Intelligence
   Asda
   Augmented Reality
   B2B
   Ben & Jerrys
   Beyond the Brief
   Blockchain
   Brand Love
   Brand News
   Brand Saftey
   Branded Content
   Branding
   Business Move
   CES
   Chatbots
   Chinese New Year
   Christmas
   Content Marketing
   Creative
   Creative Cities
   Creative Directors Choice
   Data
   Digital
   Digital Advertising
   Diversity
   dmexco
   Ecommerce
   Emarketer
   Esports
   Exceptional Women
   Experiential Marketing
   Facebook
   Fake News
   Formula One
   Future of TV
   Game of Thrones
   GDPR
   Google
   Header Bidding
   Independent Influence
   Influencer Marketing
   Instagram
   Just Eat
   Marketing
   Marketing Guides
   Media
   Mergers & Acquisitions
   Mothers Day
   Native Advertising
   Newspapers
   Nike
   Nivea
   Not on the High Street
   Ogilvy
   Outdoor Advertising
   Paddy Power
   People on the Move
   Personalisation
   PR Stunts
   Premier League
   Programmatic
   Radio
   Sainsburys
   Shazam Chart
   Singapore
   Snapchat
   Sports Marketing
   Spotify
   Super Bowl
   TV
   Twitter
   UFC
   Valentines Day
   Vice Media
   Vodafone
   Wieden+Kennedy
   WPP
   YouTube

   Opinion
   Video
   18 November 2019

Why men's advertising is in crisis

   We’re all part of the problem, every one of us. Hand on heart, who
   among us in advertising can stand up and say we’ve not been guilty of
   easy male stereotyping,...
   Video
   18 November 2019

Prince Andrew’s startup scheme loses key brand sponsors amid Epstein scandal

   Pitch@Palace, the Duke of York’s mentorship programme for British
   startups, has lost a number of commercial partners after the prince’s
   connections to Jeffrey E...

Spotlight

   The Drum Arms / Tomorrow Is Too Late / Predictions 2019 / Brands In
   Motion / WFA Global Marketer Of The Year / The BD100 / Pitch Perfect /
   The DADI Awards / Industry Insights / People On The Move / Advertising
   Week / The Drum B2B Hub / Customer Experience / Programmatic /
   Addressable TV / YouTube: Re:View

   More News

News

     * Brand
     * Agency
     * Creative
     * Digital
     * Media

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Monzo tops ‘most recommended’ brand list for Brits

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Creative Works

Serena Williams launches jewelry line campaign celebrating strong,
independent women

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

GroupM(en)? Leadership appointments raise diversity questions at GroupM

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Food e-commerce wars heat up as Twisted unveils kitchenware line in time for
Christmas

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

People on the move including T-Mobile, The Independent, CBSViacom and Google.

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Creative Works

Have a very creative Christmas: The Drum's holiday campaign coverage (part 2)

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

John Donnelly to bolster The Marketing Centre's Scottish arm

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Steve Bignell to lead Publicis Media Exchange early next year

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Creative Works

New World underscores the spirit of gatherings during Christmas

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Advertisement Feature

Boot-strapped to award-winning: the Publift story

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Creative Works

Gender equality ad calls time on Playboy model 'Lena' image that led to Jpeg
invention

   19 November 2019
   More News

   More In Depth

In Depth & Interview

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Brands should fully trust the influencers they work with, says Gushcloud CEO

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Marketing and business transformation are inextricably linked, says Accenture
IO's Nikki Mendonca

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Nicola Mendelsohn launches blood cancer charity: 'I want to make the
invisible, visible'

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

10 questions with... Jo Jackson, chief creative officer at Made.com

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Leadership Lessons with Brian Whipple, global chief executive of Accenture
Interactive

   14 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Why Nike and Adidas are launching products on sneaker resale site StockX

   14 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

'We can be the force for good': inside Diageo’s fight to stop gender
stereotyping in ads

   14 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

By blurring the line between influencer and model, Hollister optimizes its
marketing costs

   12 November 2019
   More In Depth

   More Opinion

Opinion

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Detox your feed: how to make the most of the social wellness space

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

The Prince and the PR crisis - how can Prince Andrew come back from that car
crash interview?

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Why men's advertising is in crisis

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

25 Days of Ausmas: Helen James, ECD, CheProximity on Mulberry's #WinChristmas

   17 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Alison Phillips: Why I dedicated an issue of The Mirror to highlighting the
climate crisis

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

What’s your love score in the digital age?

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Why do agencies find it so difficult to develop and tell their own stories?

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

News Over Audio seals its place in millions of cars as it strives to
reimagine reporting

   14 November 2019
   More Opinion

   More Award-winning Case Studies

Award-winning Case Studies

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

How Virgin Trains convinced the public to audition to be the voice of its
toilets

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

How Smirnoff and On the One helped make nightlife safer for the LGBT
community

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

How the US Postal Service and MRM/McCann delivered increased ROI

   17 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

How Yoti put global 'digital identity' issues at the heart of its social
purpose

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Inside ITV’s Project 84 which put male suicide on the UK’s political agenda

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

How Led by Donkeys created the biggest Crowdfunder political campaign in UK
history

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

How Huawei and FCB Inferno’s StorySign is helping deaf children learn to read

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

This Infolock campaign shows what can happen to your 'private' data in the
wrong hands

   14 November 2019
   More Award-winning Case Studies

   More

The Drum Network

     * Tricks of the Marketing Trade

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Timothy Taylor’s appoints Finn to drive sales in the lead up to Christmas

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Research reveals growing disconnect between CMOs and teams

   19 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Opinion

Best bonfire night marketing campaigns 2019

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Opinion

Regional marketing: is the communications industry contributing to a ‘divided
nation’?

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Opinion

The overlooked purchase power of Pinterest

   18 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Opinion

A closer look at attribution and how much marketing is really worth

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Brass wins Liverpool Hope University account to increase enrolment

   15 November 2019
   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]

Stein IAS sweep the board at The Drum Agency Business Awards US 2019.

   15 November 2019

   More Video

Video

     * On The Scene
     * Talking Heads
     * Drum Documentaries
     * Everything You Need To Know
     * Future Stars Of Digital
     * Brand Love

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

Is AI revolutionizing marketing as we know it? Or is it still only a
buzzword?

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

Taking advantage of the mobile gaming powerhouse

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

Prepare for liftoff: Five key factors for a successful product launch

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

A lesson in brand safety from Mark Ashworth at Oracle Data Cloud

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

No Bullsh*t Leadership: Havas creative global CEO Chris Hirst shares his
thoughts

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

The marketer of the future: A tightrope act

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

Launches matter more now than ever. Lessons from leading brands in getting it
right (hint:...

   [logo-thedrum-mobile.png]
   Video

Why the personal touch is a marketer’s most important KPI

   Explore all

Latest Creative Works

   in partnership with
   Adobe Stock
     * Global Leaderboard
     * Ad of the day
     * Ad of the week
     * Submit your work

   [adobe_stock.png]

Serena Williams Jewelry: Serena Williams Jewelry launch by Sublime
Communications

   Agency: Sublime Communications
   [adobe_stock.png]

Movember: Spot the Signs by MATTA

   Agency: MATTA
   [adobe_stock.png]

Enjoy Christmas ‘round at ours' by Clemenger BBDO

   Agency: Clemenger BBDO
   [adobe_stock.png]

Losing Lena by Clemenger BBDO

   Agency: Clemenger BBDO
   [adobe_stock.png]

Honda: Happy Honda Days Wrapping Paper by RPA

   Agency: RPA
   [adobe_stock.png]

South Dakota, Meth. We're On It by Broadhead

   Agency: Broadhead
   [adobe_stock.png]

Homebase: The Monster Fairy by Atomic London

   Agency: Atomic London
   [adobe_stock.png]

Fairtrade: The Other Bar by Make Honey

   Agency: Make Honey

The Drum Ink

   Get empowered.

   Hit the C-suite spot. 75% of The Drum Magazine readership are senior
   management or above.

   Benefit from our monthly exclusive magazine content in multi-format.

   Subscribe today and be educated, entertained and empowered.
   Subscribe now

Marketing can change the world

     * The Drum Twitter
     * The Drum Facebook
     * The Drum Linkedin
     * The Drum Youtube
     * The Drum Pinterest
     * The Drum Instagram
     * The Drum RSS

     * Europe
     * Americas
     * Asia-Pacific

     * News
     * Creative Works
     * Awards
     * Live Events
     * Drum Network
     * Research
     * Studios
     * Jobs
     * The Drum Recommends

     * About
     * Advertise
     * Calendar
     * Contact
     * Privacy
     * Terms & Conditions

   © Carnyx Group Ltd 2019 | The Drum is a Registered Trademark and
   property of Carnyx Group Limited. All rights reserved.

   [logo-thedrum-desktop.png]

Join us, it’s free.

   Want to read this article and others just like it? All you need to do
   is become a member of The Drum. Basic membership is quick, free and you
   will be able to receive daily news updates.
   Register Now
   or
   Sign In
   What is this?

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-5D8QHF
