   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * World Manufacturing Forum
       25 September 2019
     * 3D Print Expo
       04 October 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       17 October 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * Impossible Objects
     * Orange Maker
     * Dr. Rainer Hebert(Pratt & Whitney Additive Manufacturing Innovation
       Center University of Connecticut)

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       22 October 2019
     * 3D Metrology Conference - 4th Edition
       05 November 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       05 November 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * 3Dee NV
     * FIRST MODEL
     * Express Group

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * World Manufacturing Forum
       25 September 2019
     * 3D Print Expo
       04 October 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       17 October 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * Impossible Objects
     * Orange Maker
     * Dr. Rainer Hebert(Pratt & Whitney Additive Manufacturing Innovation
       Center University of Connecticut)

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
   #3D Printing Industry » Feed 3D Printing Industry » Comments Feed
   alternate alternate

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
     * Guides
     * Reviews
     * Events
     * Directory
     * Find a Job
     * Post a Job
     * Newsletter
     * Data and analysis

   3D Printing Industry

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

     * About Us
     * Contact us
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy Policy

     *
     *

       ____________________ Search

   3D Printing Industry

   ____________________ Search

   [INS: :INS]

     * News
          + 3D Scanners
          + Aerospace
          + Business
          + Education
          + Market Insights
          + Medical & Dental
          + Transport
   The Samsung Galaxy Note10. GIF via Samsung.

Samsung unveils new Galaxy Note 10 model with “instant” 3D scanning
capabilities
   Anas Essop August 09th 2019 - 11:59am
   Large scale scan in progress using the Drake 3D scanner. Photo via
       Thor3D

Thor3D and Polyga enter 3D scanning and software distribution agreement
   Beau Jackson June 11th 2019 - 3:42pm

   The NC4+ Blue system. Photo via Renishaw.

Renishaw launches new Blue Laser On-Machine Tool Measurement system

   Tia Vialva June 03rd 2019 - 11:55am

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Morf3D's R&D Innovation Center. Photo via Morf3D

Boeing HorizonX Ventures provides further funding for Morf3D metal additive
manufacturing

   Beau Jackson August 30th 2019 - 1:57pm

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   A student at IED Barcelona uses 3D printing. Photo via BCN3D
   Technologies.

BCN3D Technologies and IED Barcelona bring additive manufacturing to over
1400 students

   Tia Vialva September 13th 2019 - 4:32pm

   Student using 3D printer at the LISC. Photo via Long Island Science
   Center.

Long Island Science Center receives $20,000 grant to create STEM 3D printing
program

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 6:04pm

   A 24Vx BeAM nozzle for its DED printers. Image via BeAM

EWF launches additive manufacturing qualification system for operators and
engineers

   Beau Jackson August 21st 2019 - 4:36pm

Q1 2019 3D Printing Industry Index

   3D Printing Industry July 02nd 2019 - 4:29pm

3D Printing Industry Index identifies positive sentiment, strong earnings
season ahead?

   Michael Petch February 07th 2019 - 11:33am

   A depiction of advanced and connected technologies. Image via IDC.

IDC 2019 predictions attributes $2 billion in new spending related to 3D
printed products

   Tia Vialva December 07th 2018 - 6:11pm

   Aortic arch annotated on 3D printed model to support procedural
   planning for treatment of mitral valve disease. Photo via VA Puget
   Sound Health Care System

INTERVIEW: VA Puget Sound’s Dr. Beth Ripley on advancing 3D printing in
healthcare

   Anas Essop September 20th 2019 - 10:58am

FabRx 3D prints personalized tablets for treatment of rare metabolic disease
in children

   Arlene Lo September 12th 2019 - 1:22pm

   SEM image of moebius knots with Voronoï porosity 3D printed at
   Microlight3D. Image via Microlight3D

Microlight3D project nAngioDerm receives €747,000 grant to advance skin
regenration

   Tia Vialva September 10th 2019 - 11:59am

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   A UK First Great Western train leaving Reading. Photo by rpmarks, via
   Flickr

Signal failure? AECOM’s 3D printed graphene could fix that

   Beau Jackson August 20th 2019 - 11:59am

   Battery cylinders on the Zeus 8 motorbike design. Image via Curtiss
   Motorcycle Company

Curtiss Motorcycle Co. unveils Zeus 8 electric bike made using 3D printed
parts

   Beau Jackson August 19th 2019 - 10:48am

     Guides

     Reviews

     Events

     Directory

     Find a Job

     Post a Job

     Newsletter

     Data and analysis

   TRENDING NEWS

   Business

Big news brewing at Stratasys

   Michael Petch July 18th 2019 - 12:56pm

   Business

Carbon valuation exceeds $2.4 billion after new $260M investment

   Michael Petch June 25th 2019 - 1:59pm

   3D Scanners

        Texel 3D scanning technology selected by Marks & Spencer for retail
        accelerator

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 5:36pm

   Business

        Arris Composites emerges from stealth mode with $10 million funding
        round

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 11:25am

   Automotive

        Continental opens 3D printing center to advance AM in automotive sector

   Michael Petch May 28th 2019 - 10:56am

   Design

        3D Printing Industry Awards 2019 – Protolabs Trophy Design Competition
        winner announced

   Michael Petch May 24th 2019 - 3:29pm

   Applications

        Desktop Metal partners with world’s largest Metal Injection Molding
        component producer

   Michael Petch May 21st 2019 - 2:00pm

   3D Printers

Anisoprint brings continuous fiber 3D printing technology to the UK

   Tia Vialva September 17th 2019 - 11:58am

   Event

NIST and RadTech call for contributors to its roadmap for the future of
photopolymer 3D printing

   Beau Jackson August 29th 2019 - 11:50am

   Automotive

Formula One and FIA use additive manufacturing to test 2021 car

   Anas Essop August 27th 2019 - 5:12pm

3D Software

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their par…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   0 0
     * Screenshot of the Material Tracking System module. Image via
       Link3D.
   3D Software

Link3D launches Material Tracking System to improve additive manufacturing
production traceability
   Anas Essop September 02nd 2019 - 11:41am

     Demonstration of how Physna identifies similarities between 3D models
   in a database. Image via Physna

   3D Software

Physna raises $6.9 million to develop “Google of 3D models”

   Anas Essop July 30th 2019 - 11:47am

3D Printers

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0
     * The Zortrax Endureal 3D printer. Photo via Zortrax.
   3D Printers

Zortrax introduces Endureal high-temperature 3D printer
   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 11:58am

     The tool changer switching between different tool heads. Video via
   nScrypt.

   3D Printers

nScrypt tool changer enables seamless switching between tool heads for DDM
system

   Anas Essop September 18th 2019 - 3:59pm

3D Materials

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   0 0

     * 3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between
       low and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged
   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer
   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

     A 3D printed extruder die made from H13 tool steel. Photo via Desktop
   Metal.

   Materials

Desktop Metal expands capabilities of Studio System with H13 3D printable
tool steel

   Tia Vialva September 19th 2019 - 10:24am

     The Virtual Foundry range of materials. Image via The Virtual
   Foundry.

   Materials

The Virtual Foundry quietly prints its way across the periodic table using
common 3D printers

   3D Printing Industry September 12th 2019 - 4:00pm

     Product manufactured using BASF TPU. Photo via Materialise.

   Materials

Materialise becomes first to offer BASF TPU material for HP Multi Jet Fusion
3D printing

   Anas Essop September 10th 2019 - 5:53pm

     Comparing metal powders. Photo via Equispheres.

   Materials

McGill researchers identify Equispheres aluminum alloy powder as compatible
with binder jet 3D printing

   Anas Essop September 09th 2019 - 11:49am

   [3DPR-13040-BioPrinting-Zone-Mobile-Leaderboard-Banner-300x95-r0b.jpg]
   [Banner_NAMIC-GAMS-2019_300x250-Jpg.jpg]
   [300x250.Polymer.Animated2.jpg]
   The latest 3D Printing Industry news
   SUBSCRIBE NOW
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Research

EPA scientists explore VOC emissions of 3D printed carbon fiber materials

   Tia Vialva September 20th 2019 - 5:35pm

   Research

To 3D print or not to 3D print on demand? Duke professor tackles stock
queries

   Anas Essop September 19th 2019 - 11:48am

   Aerospace

NASA’s Antimicrobial Space Challenge invites students to 3D print off-earth
medical devices and space tools

   Arlene Lo September 13th 2019 - 10:51am

   Research

Romanian researchers develop 3D printed Geneva drives for advanced mechanisms

   Arlene Lo September 11th 2019 - 12:56pm

Most Recent

   TCT Show 2019 signage. Photo by Tia Vialva.

   Event

Polymer 3D printing at the 2019 TCT Show

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   3D Printing Industry has arrived in Birmingham, UK, once again for the
   latest edition of the TCT Show. The design-to-manufacturing event at
   the NEC is host to an abundance of 3D printing equipment, in…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 6:40pm

   0 0

   3D printed grab handles installed on Chiltern Railways train. Photo via
   Stratasys.

   Transport

Stratasys trials first 3D printed parts installed on UK passenger trains with
Angel Trains and DB ESG

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm

   Leading 3D printer OEM Stratasys, together with British rolling stock
   operating company (ROSCO) Angel Trains, Derby-based engineering
   consultancy DB ESG, and train operator Chiltern Railways are trial…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 6:30pm 0 0

   A 3D printed aerospace flow measurement probed. Photo via Vectoflow.

   Business

Aerosint, Vectoflow, and Fraunhofer IGCV receive €750,000 to develop 3D
printed airflow sensors

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am

   Aerosint, an award-winning Belgian SLS 3D printer manufacturer,
   Vectoflow, a German fluid-dynamic metrology device developer, and
   Fraunhofer IGCV have received a €750,000 grant from the Eurostars prog…

   Tia Vialva September 25th 2019 - 11:58am 0 0

   The NEO Material Development Kit. Photo via RPS.

   Materials

RPS launches NEO Material Development kit for polymer R&D on the NEO800

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am

   British 3D printer manufacturer RPS has launched a new polymer research
   and development tool called the NEO Material Development Kit. It is
   designed to work with the company’s NEO800 SLA 3D printer, a…

   Anas Essop September 25th 2019 - 11:56am 0 0

   Visualization of the Sinumerik ONE controller. Image via Siemens.

   3D Software

Siemens and BeAM to integrate Sinumerik One digital twin for entire DED 3D
printer fleet

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm

   Siemens, Europe’s largest industrial manufacturing company, and
   Strasbourg-based 3D printer manufacturer BeAM have announced plans to
   extend their partnership. Having already installed Siemens’ digita…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 5:12pm 0 0

   The Ultimaker S5 Pro Bundle. Photo via Ultimaker

   3D Printers

Ultimaker launches S3 3D printer and S5 Pro Bundle – technical specifications
and pricing

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm

   Award winning desktop 3D printer provider Ultimaker has launched the
   Ultimaker S3. Part of the company’s S-Line of systems, which also
   includes the S5, the S3 was selected to debut at this week&…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 5:05pm 0 0

   3D printed Inconel 625 crucible clips during rapid cycling between low
   and high temperatures. Photo via Markforged

   Materials

Markforged brings Inconel superalloy to the Metal X 3D printer

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm

   Award winning composite and metal 3D printer provider Markforged has
   made Inconel 625 a compatible material for the Metal X. A nickel-based
   superalloy, Inconel 625 is remarkable for its propensity to …

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 2:00pm 0 0

   Business

3D Printing Industry News Sliced: Farsoon, WASP, BIOLIFE4D, Siemens, Weerg,
GEFERTEC

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am

   In this latest edition of the 3D Printing Industry news digest Sliced,
   3D printing is providing care to the afflicted in Syria; the latest
   iteration of a premier motorsport racing car is realized with…

   Anas Essop September 24th 2019 - 11:46am 0 0

   Optomec demonstrated 3D printed silver from electronics at AMUG 2018.
   Photo by Michael Petch.

   Business

Optomec experiences 40% sales growth for metal 3D printing portfolio in H1
2019

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am

   New Mexico Aerosol Jet Printing (AJP) and Laser Engineered Net Shaping
   (LENS) company Optomec has experienced strong revenue growth for the
   first half on fiscal 2019. Sharing the news today, the priva…

   Beau Jackson September 24th 2019 - 11:11am 0 0

   Metal 3D printed components. Photo via Material Solutions.

   Aerospace

Materials Solutions achieves NADCAP accreditation for additive manufacturing
in aerospace

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm

   Materials Solutions, a Siemens business, has received accreditation
   from the National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation
   Program (NADCAP) for additive manufacturing in the aerospace secto…

   Tia Vialva September 23rd 2019 - 5:07pm 0 0

   Graphic demonstration of 3D bioprinting with rhCollagen bio-ink. Image
   via CollPlant.

   Business

CollPlant 3D bioprinted materials business closes $5.5M in funding

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm

   3D bioprinter material developer CollPlant (NASDAQ:CLGN) has confirmed
   an investment of $5.5 million. Provided by a group of investors with
   special interest in the 3D printing industry and Ami Sagi, t…

   Beau Jackson September 23rd 2019 - 4:18pm 0 0

   The 4DHybrid Autonomous Robot. Image via 4DHybrid.

   Applications

€9.4M 4DHybrid project to bring hybrid additive manufacturing to MRO

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm

   4DHybrid, funded by the EU Horizon 2020 program and coordinated by
   Turin-based construction machine developer Prima Industrie, aims to
   develop a new concept of hybrid additive manufacturing for the Ma…

   Anas Essop September 23rd 2019 - 2:46pm 0 0

Posts navigation

   1 2 3 … 1,179 →

   ____________________ Search

   3D PRINTING INDUSTRY EVENTS
   Featured Events
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       22 October 2019
     * 3D Metrology Conference - 4th Edition
       05 November 2019
     * SOLIDWORKS 2020 Design to Manufacturing Events
       05 November 2019

   ADD YOUR EVENT
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   Featured Listings
     * 3Dee NV
     * FIRST MODEL
     * Express Group

   [models3-1.jpg]
   3D Compare 3D Compare
   [jobs-1.jpg]
   [manuf-1.jpg]

   Contribute
     * Advertise with us
     * Share news and tips
     * Report for us

   Follow Us
     * 0 Likes LIKE
     * 102K Followers FOLLOW
     * Fans LIKE
     * 7K Followers FOLLOW

   © Copyright 2017 | All Rights Reserved | 3D Printing Industry
