    #RSS Feed

   IFRAME: //www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?GTM-WR6LD2P

   Close Ad

   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]

computerworld

   UNITED STATES
     * United States
     * United Kingdom
     * India

   Welcome! Here are the latest Insider stories.
     * Windows 10 1909: 7 oddities, quirks and inconsistencies
     * Windows 10 November 2019 Update: Key enterprise features
     * 5 hidden Windows 10 features you should be using
     * FAQ: Microsoft sharpens Edge

   More Insider Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More

   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   [computerworld-np-logo.svg]
   NEW Insider PRO Learn More
   Latest Insider
     * Windows 7 to Windows 10 migration guide
     * What women want in the IT workplace: 6 key factors for hiring and
       retention
     * Microsoft Flow: A beginner's guide
     * 12 blockchain-related jobs to consider in 2020

   NEW FROM IDG
   Learn More
   NEW FROM IDG
   Subscribe to access expert insight on business technology - in an
   ad-free environment.. Learn more
   Welcome! Check out the latest Insider stories here.
   Sign Out
   Sign In Register
   More from the IDG Network
     * About Us |
     * Contact |
     * Privacy Policy |
     * Cookie Policy |
     * Member Preferences |
     * Advertising |
     * IDG Careers |
     * Ad Choices |
     * E-commerce Links |
     * Editorial Beats |

     *
     *
     *

   ×
   Close

Walmart launches its big blockchain-based freight-and-payment network

Windows 10 1909: 7 oddities, quirks and inconsistencies

The best travel apps for Android

   Advertisement
     * Don't Miss:
     * Win 7 to Win 10 migration guide
     * Word for Office 365 cheat sheet
     * 20 Slack tips for power users
     * IT event calendar
     * Google Forms cheat sheet

   IT In-Depth
     * classroom school desks
       Sorry, Apple: For the education market, Chromebook is the clear
       winner
     * Magnifying loupe on the laptop keyboard 147860345
       5 hidden Windows 10 features you should be using
     * Motorola Razr 2019
       Motorola's new Razr gives me hope for the future of foldables
     * ghosts 163679940
       An exorcism at Microsoft

   walmart shoot bison winnipeg blockchain

Walmart launches ‘world’s largest’ blockchain-based freight-and-payment
network

Walmart Canada's blockchain hits the sweet spot for the supply chain industry
as it solves issues such as invoice dispute resolution and real-time data
distribution.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Lucas Mearian Lucas Mearian
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

He heard you fine

Oh, before I leave, what’s GNU?
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   automation gears lightbulb machine learning ai innovation by bananajazz
   getty

Claris launches workflow automation tool beta

The Apple subsidiary says its new Claris Connect is designed to connect
third-party cloud apps and automate workflows.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Matthew Finnegan Matthew Finnegan
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Advertisement
   Security > Binary lock + circuits
   The Zen of Mobile

Mobile security perceptions don't approach reality. And that's a problem.

The best security approaches — such as continuous authentication — are
invisible to the user and therefore frictionless. That's good in practice,
but it can be bad in terms of customer perception. If they don't see it, they
assume...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Evan Schuman Evan Schuman
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   salesforce iphone
   Apple Holic

Salesforce announces new iOS enterprise apps

Apple CEO Tim Cook will join Salesforce co-CEO Marc Benioff to speak at
Dreamforce 2019 on Tuesday, underlining the two companies' commitment to
working together.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Jonny Evans Jonny Evans
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld's 100 Best Places to Work in IT 2019
   classroom with child's desk and stack of books

Sorry, Apple: For the education market, Chromebook is the clear winner

Apple started this fight with some old-school smack talk, but it only
highlighted how it’s clinging to the old PC-centric model.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   CW > Clean Up Your Windows 10 Act

Windows 10 1909: 7 oddities, quirks and inconsistencies

It's a "feature upgrade" without many new features, shares release
documentation with its predecessor, and was ready to go a month before its
actual release. Yes, Windows 10 1909 is a rare bird indeed.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Gregg Keizer Gregg Keizer
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

But isn’t that better than the actual goal?

Unclear on that whole ‘garbage in’ concept.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Man looking through binoculars preview look watching

Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the Insider Preview builds

Get the latest info on new preview builds of Windows 10 as they roll out from
Microsoft. Now updated for Windows 10 Insider Preview Build 19025 for 20H1,
released on Nov. 15, 2019.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Preston Gralla Preston Gralla
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Microsoft Windows update arrows on laptop and mobile phone
   Woody on Windows

What we know about the Win10 version 1909 upgrade — and what you can do about
it

Microsoft magnanimously made the Win10 version 1909 upgrade a 'Download and
install now' option for almost all PCs. The cumulative devil’s in the
details, though, and extensive testing has filled out some of the picture.
Here’s what’s...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Woody Leonhard Woody Leonhard
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Resources
   View All
     * box logo 1
       White Paper
       IDC MarketScape is in, and Box is a Leader
     * [mail.svg]
       White Paper
       Say Hello to The Software-Defined Perimeter (SDP)
     * [mail.svg]
       White Paper
       Top Healthcare Business Intelligence Software―Competitive Report
     * [mail.svg]
       eBook
       Sponsored
       Transform How You Deliver Internet and Web Security

   Advertisement
   medical data accessed via tablet / healthcare IoT monitoring

Yes, Google's using your healthcare data – and it's not alone

There's a multi-billion dollar industry built around collecting healthcare
data and anonymizing it so it can be used for research; it's perfectly legal.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Lucas Mearian Lucas Mearian
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   business travel / airport terminal walkway / traveller

What you need to know about new data-security rules for business travel

From U.S. Customs agents to cybercriminals, everyone wants to copy the data
on your phone and laptop. Here’s how to protect your rights and also avoid
industrial espionage.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Mike Elgan Mike Elgan
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   161129 dell 1
   IDG Contributor Network

The Undead PC: Dell has the best PC sales in their history

It’s time to push back on the idea that the PC market is all but dead. Dell
has had solid sales, customers have never been happier and relationships
(with one noted exception) between OEMs, Intel and Microsoft are improving.
We’ve...
     __________________________________________________________________

   Rob Enderle Rob Enderle
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   calendar and hourglass

Tech event calendar 2019: Upcoming shows, conferences and IT expos

Our sortable chart offers information, dates and locations for a variety of
IT-focused events coming up over the next year.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Ken Mingis Ken Mingis
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Computerworld | Shark Tank
   Shark Tank

He’s got his number

It really could have been much worse.
     __________________________________________________________________

   Sharky Sharky
   |
     * [twitter.svg]
     * [facebook.svg]
     * [mail.svg]

   Get the best of Computerworld delivered to your inbox. Sign up for our
   free newsletters
   Subscribe
   From Our Advertisers
     * istock 940308630
       Featured Sponsor HPE
       3 Methods Toward Managing Multi-Cloud Complexity
     * Cloud choices
       Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise
       Defining the Next Chapter for the IT Industry: On-Premises
       IT-as-a-Service
     * Cloud center
       Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise
       Pay-As-You-Go IT Just Got Easier for Midsize Businesses:
       Introducing HPE
     * blog 10
       Sponsored by Microsoft
       Working smarter with Microsoft 365
     __________________________________________________________________

   Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us
     *
     *
     *
     *

     * About Us
     * Contact
     * Privacy Policy
     * Cookie Policy
     * Member Preferences
     * Advertising
     * IDG Careers
     * Ad Choices
     * E-commerce Links
     * Editorial Beats

   IDG Communications

   Copyright © 2019 IDG Communications, Inc.
   Explore the IDG Network descend
     * CIO
     * Computerworld
     * CSO
     * IDC
     * IDG
     * IDG Connect
     * InfoWorld
     * Insider Pro
     * ITwhitepapers
     * JavaWorld
     * Network World

   [p?c1=2&c2=6035308&cv=2.0&cj=1]
