    #The Denver Post » Feed The Denver Post » Comments Feed

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-TLFP4R

     * News
          + News
          + Latest News
          + Colorado News
          + Nation / World
          + Crime & Courts
          + Weather
          + Obituaries
          + Marijuana
          + Cannabist
          + Education
          + Health
          + Environment
          + Video
          + Your Hub
     * Sports
          + Sports
          + Denver Broncos
          + Colorado Rockies
          + Denver Nuggets
          + Colorado Avalanche
          + Colorado Rapids
          + College Sports
          + Outdoors
          + Olympics
          + Sports Columnists
          + Preps
          + Preps Scoreboard
          + Golf
          + Boxing / MMA
          + Scores and Standings
          + Sports on TV/Radio
     * Business
          + Business
          + Aerospace
          + Airlines
          + Economy
          + Energy
          + Jobs
          + Real Estate
          + Retail
          + Technology
          + Tourism
     * Entertainment
          + Entertainment
          + Arcade
          + Games
          + Arts
          + Books
          + Calendar
          + Comics
          + Movies
          + Music
          + Theater
          + Television
          + Television Listings
          + Travel
          + The Know
     * Lifestyle
          + Lifestyle
          + Ask Amy
          + Fashion
          + Food & Drink
          + Restaurants & Dining
          + Fitness
          + Home & Garden
          + Horoscopes
          + Summer Camp Guide
          + Neighborhoods
          + The Know Outdoors
     * Opinion
          + Opinion
          + Editorials
          + Columnists
          + Letters
          + Perspective
          + Cartoons
          + Endorsements
     * Politics
          + Politics
          + Colorado Politics
          + Colorado Legislature
          + Denver Politics
          + Local Politics
          + The Spot
          + National Politics
          + Trump Administration
          + Election 2019
     * Classifieds
          + Classifieds
          + Cars
          + Homes
          + Jobs
          + Freelance Jobs
     * SUBSCRIBE NOW

   GET BREAKING NEWS IN YOUR BROWSER. CLICK HERE TO TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS.

   X
     * Log In
     * Membership
     * Newsletters
     * Obituaries

   ____________________ submit

The Denver Post

   ____________________ submit

     * News
          + News
          + Latest News
          + Colorado News
          + Nation / World
          + Crime & Courts
          + Weather
          + Obituaries
          + Marijuana
          + Cannabist
          + Education
          + Health
          + Environment
          + Video
          + Your Hub
     * Sports
          + Sports
          + Denver Broncos
          + Colorado Rockies
          + Denver Nuggets
          + Colorado Avalanche
          + Colorado Rapids
          + College Sports
          + Outdoors
          + Olympics
          + Sports Columnists
          + Preps
          + Preps Scoreboard
          + Golf
          + Boxing / MMA
          + Scores and Standings
          + Sports on TV/Radio
     * Business
          + Business
          + Aerospace
          + Airlines
          + Economy
          + Energy
          + Jobs
          + Real Estate
          + Retail
          + Technology
          + Tourism
     * Entertainment
          + Entertainment
          + Arcade
          + Games
          + Arts
          + Books
          + Calendar
          + Comics
          + Movies
          + Music
          + Theater
          + Television
          + Television Listings
          + Travel
          + The Know
     * Lifestyle
          + Lifestyle
          + Ask Amy
          + Fashion
          + Food & Drink
          + Restaurants & Dining
          + Fitness
          + Home & Garden
          + Horoscopes
          + Summer Camp Guide
          + Neighborhoods
          + The Know Outdoors
     * Opinion
          + Opinion
          + Editorials
          + Columnists
          + Letters
          + Perspective
          + Cartoons
          + Endorsements
     * Politics
          + Politics
          + Colorado Politics
          + Colorado Legislature
          + Denver Politics
          + Local Politics
          + The Spot
          + National Politics
          + Trump Administration
          + Election 2019
     * Classifieds
          + Classifieds
          + Cars
          + Homes
          + Jobs
          + Freelance Jobs
     * SUBSCRIBE NOW

Marie Greenwood, Denver’s first tenured black teacher and an integration
pioneer, dies at 106

   Marie Louise Greenwood, the first black teacher to receive tenure in
   Denver Public Schools, died Friday at age 106. She was a pioneer of
   integration in Denver, going to work in what had been an all-white
   school in the 1950s.

   Denver International Airport is installing clearer signage to help
   confused travelers navigate the maze of construction walls and
   relocating a drive-through baggage drop station so that more passengers
   can simplify their journey.

Denver airport boosts efforts to help travelers navigate construction as
council approves new contracts

   Patrick Frazee was convicted of murdering his fiancé, Kelsey Berreth,
   by a Teller County jury on Friday. The jury's verdict follows more than
   two weeks of detailed trial testimony from a broad swath of law
   enforcement, evidence experts, people who knew Berreth and Frazee.

Kelsey Berreth murder case: Patrick Frazee guilty of murder in Colorado

   Head coach Vic Fangio of the ...

Anatomy of a meltdown: How the Broncos blew a 20-point lead to lose at
Minnesota

     * Latest Stories
     *

Woman seriously injured in Commerce City crash, driver flees crash scene on
foot
       9 hours ago
     *

Denver police investigating auto-pedestrian collision at Evans Avenue and
Jasmine Street
       11 hours ago
     *

Identity thief on run for two decades is caught in Thailand, sentenced to
federal prison
       12 hours ago
     *

STEM school shooting suspect Alec McKinney’s case should go to trial, Douglas
County judge determines
       22 hours ago
     *

Colorado Supreme Court: Criminal defendants can use medical marijuana while
on probation with limited exception
       18 hours ago
     *

Maroon Bells “getting a break from impacts of people,” closing winter gates
       19 hours ago
     *

Altitude Sports files lawsuit against Comcast, alleges carrier “wants to
extinguish competition”
       18 hours ago
     *

Poor air quality advisory in effect for Front Range
       14 hours ago
     *

South Dakota’s governor defends “Meth. We’re on it” campaign
       14 hours ago
     *

Former Westminster cop pleads guilty to civil rights violation in federal
court for sexually assaulting woman in his custody
       15 hours ago

   [19DPSTS_300x250.jpg]

   IFRAME: https://extras.denverpost.com/calendar/homepage-calendar.html?2

Sports

   BOULDER, CO - Nov. 18, 2019: ...

Tyler Bey, McKinley Wright each score 16 as No. 23 CU Buffs beat UC Irvine

   Tyler Bey and McKinley Wright each scored 16 points and No. 23 Colorado
   leaned on a strong defensive effort to beat UC Irvine 69-53 on Monday
   night.
     *

Christian Gonzalez, a four-star defensive back from Texas, commits to CU
Buffs football
     *

Lunch Special: Who should be the Broncos’ starting quarterback moving
forward?
     *

Kiszla vs. O’Halloran: Will Colin Kaepernick ever throw another pass in the
NFL?
     *

Nathan MacKinnon NHL’s No. 2 weekly star; Avalanche continues road trip at
Calgary

   View All

Don't Miss

   Travelers make their way around walls ...

Fired Denver airport contractors’ claims raise questions about oversight as
massive project restarts

   A Denver Post review of the change disputes and warring charges that
   sunk DIA's relationship with Great Hall Partners raises lingering
   questions about the oversight exercised by some of the same airport
   officials who now are overseeing the stalled project's reboot.
     *

Rockies co-owner Monfort’s McGregor Square is on trend — and at the center of
a trend — in LoDo
     *

College costs in Colorado have “spiraled out of control.” Here’s what the
state is doing to fix it.
     *

ACLU of Colorado sues prison company over death at Aurora ICE detention
facility
     *

“Full steam ahead”: Colorado Democrats vow to pass paid family leave in 2020

   View All

Crime & Courts

   Patrick Frazee leaves the Teller County ...

Kelsey Berreth murder case: Updates from Patrick Frazee’s trial in Colorado

   Patrick Frazee's is on trial in Teller County District Court for two
   counts of first-degree murder, three counts of solicitation to commit
   murder, tampering with a dead body and two counts of a crime of
   violence. He is accused of bludgeoning his finacee, Kelsey Berreth, to
   death on Thanksgiving Day 2018 and then burning her body on his
   Florissant ranch....
     *

Kelsey Berreth murder case: Mistress Krystal Lee Kenney takes stand in
Patrick Frazee murder trial
     *

Kelsey Berreth murder case: Jailhouse witness says Patrick Frazee asked him
to kill key witness
     *

Kelsey Berreth murder case: Trial testimony focuses on Patrick Frazee’s texts
in months before alleged killing
     *

Kelsey Berreth murder case: Patrick Frazee told customer that Berreth was
“never coming back,” according to testimony

   View All

Most Popular

    1. Philadelphia sports radio director says Denver shouldn’t be allowed
       to have home games
    2. United Airlines pilot arrested for walking naked in Westin DIA
       hotel room receives $300,000 in settlement
    3. License to Rome: Denver International Airport getting nonstop
       Norwegian Air flight to Italian capital in 2020
    4. Compared to the rest of the nation, Denver homeowners aren’t
       typical. They’re more like tumbleweeds.
    5. Kelsey Berreth murder case: Patrick Frazee told customer that
       Berreth was “never coming back,” according to testimony
    6. Webb: Park Hill Golf Course land can and must be preserved under
       new conservation law

   Sign up for newsletters and alerts
   Submit your news tips or photos

Photos & Videos

     *
   Tim Patrick (81) of the Denver ...

PHOTOS: Denver Broncos visit Minnesota Vikings, Nov. 17, 2019
       The Denver Broncos visited the Minnesota Vikings at U.S. Bank
       Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota on Sunday, Nov. 17, 2019. After
       being shut out in the first half, Minnesota came back to win 27-23.
     *
   Severe flooding in Venice is threatening the Italian city famed for its
       canals and architecture.

PHOTOS: Severe flooding brings damage in Venice as locals, tourists wade
through high water
     *
   The Denver Nuggets huddle before the ...

PHOTOS: Denver Nuggets host Brooklyn Nets, Thursday, November 14, 2019
     *
   CU Buffaloes basketball player Quinessa Caylao-Do ...

PHOTOS: Meet the 2019 CU Buffs women’s basketball team
     *
   CU Buffaloes basketball player D'Shawn Schwartz ...

PHOTOS: Meet the 2019 CU Buffs men’s basketball team
     *
   Dr. Justina Ford, circa 1920s. The ...

WATCH: Dr. Justina Ford, Denver’s first female African-American doctor, and
the house that nurtured her
     *
   People carry a giant American flag ...

Photos: Veterans Day in Colorado and throughout the U.S.

   (BUTTON) Show More Videos
     *
   Trick-or-treating, jack o' lanterns, costumes and sometimes snow are
       part of the Halloween tradition in Denver, Colorado.

PHOTOS: Halloween in Denver through the years
     *
   Top row, from left: Gary Harris ...

Meet the 2019-20 Denver Nuggets
     *
   Farmer Eric Skokan, in hat, addresses ...

The Colorado Plate: Inside our local food culture
     *
   Dedicated skiiers and snowboarders hit the slopes Friday afternoon on
       very short notice in order to kick off the ski season properly.

PHOTOS: Arapahoe Basin opens Friday to kick off 2019-2020 ski season
     *
   A luxury townhouse open Sunday, Nov. 17, in Cherry Creek North.

Sponsored: Plush townhouse in Cherry Creek North has an office below on
Josephine, $1.495M
     *
   Classic Homes' Sanctuary Pointe neighborhood.

Sponsored: Well-connected: Colorado Springs builder Classic Homes has homes
in easy reach of Denver, with Smart Home connectivity
     *
   The JP23 townhomes, located at 2851 and 2853 West 23rd Ave., are
       currently listed by LIV Sotheby’s International Realty broker
       Douglas D. Kerbs and are priced between $699,000 and $899,000.

Sponsored: JP23 is close to the city but far from the ordinary
     *
   Toll Brothers’ Durango ranch, with a four-car garage, ready to deliver
       for pre-holiday move-in at Inspiration.

Sponsored: Just in time for the holidays, see alluring ranches you can move
into now and enjoy Inspiration’s age-55-plus events
     *
   In this Oct. 24, 2019 file ...

WATCH LIVE: Trump impeachment inquiry hearings – Day 1
     *
   Will Barton (5) of the Denver ...

PHOTOS: Denver Nuggets take on the Atlanta Hawks
     *
   Managing broker George Wheeler shows a remodeled ranch in Aurora’s
       Seven Hills area.

Sponsored: With a remodeled ranch open in Aurora’s Seven Hills, broker says
you shouldn’t ignore value of owning a home
     *
   Lee Ann Delis shows OakwoodLife's Bungalow series, including one that’s
       ready for move-in now.

Sponsored: With low-maintenance ranches ready for move-in, Oakwood’s Fairway
Villas continues to draw rapid sales this fall

   [STScube300x250v2-2019.jpg]

Entertainment

   Christian Bale plays real-life driver Ken ...

Interview: Christian Bale on “Ford v Ferrari,” Telluride Film Fest and
finding his characters

   "... Telluride was my favorite film fest that I've ever been to.
   Absolutely loved it," Christian Bale said. "There's not only the beauty
   of the setting, but you're genuinely able to walk around the town and
   enjoy it and eat breakfast out with your family."
     *

This non-gendered “hair space” in RiNo is creating community through haircuts
     *

Country star Dierks Bentley is opening a bar in LoDo
     *

Here’s when you can finally get a glimpse of Denver Art Museum’s new
galleries and restaurants
     *

Harry Styles coming to Denver for his 2020 “Love on Tour”

   View All

Education

   Second-year Regis University pharmacy students during ...

Regis University’s pharmacy school ranks with the big dogs, practices
“teaching on steroids”

   In 2018, the small, private Jesuit college in Denver ranked seventh out
   of more than 130 pharmacy schools in the North American Pharmacist
   Licensure Examination pass rate -- a test separating graduates from
   their pharmacy license. Pharmacy students at Regis had a 99% pass rate,
   higher than the 89% national average.
     *

CU Boulder researchers pursuing role for AI in psychiatry
     *

Far fewer Denver students handcuffed in first months of school under new
policy
     *

Average start for 529 college savings (age 7) is costly, study finds
     *

Colorado K-12 education in brief: ACT allows “superscores,” donors fund DPS
supplies, Douglas County reaches out

   View All

Outdoors

   Cody Cirillo slides down the pavement ...

9 of Colorado’s best winter festivals

   Colorado boasts a bevy of winter festivals to draw you outside in
   celebration of all things winter. Here are the best ones.
     *

Former Aspen city councilor, Skico executive Derek Johnson pleads guilty to
stealing, faces 4-12 years in prison
     *

Aspen Snowmass opening early, lifts running this weekend
     *

Patagonia’s Boulder location transforms into used clothing “pop-up shop”
     *

9 turkey trots so you don’t feel like a plump Butterball this Thanksgiving

   View All

Colorado Politics

   Kristi Hargrove, lower center, listens as ...

5 takeaways from Colorado’s 2019 election

   The Denver Post politics team puts a fascinating night in Colorado
   politics into context.
     *

Incoming Aurora mayor Mike Coffman says job won’t be a launching pad to
higher office
     *

Attempt to emulate Boulder 1% growth limit across Front Range stirs
controversy
     *

Rep. Lamborn has questions about Giuliani but says that’s “nothing to do
with” Trump
     *

Colorado teachers union calls for ending corporate tax breaks as way to
increase educator pay

   View All

Food & Drink

   Impeachmint Tea is made with fresh brewed tea, peach puree and mint,
   and the Impeachmint Julep is a traditional Julep with whiskey and
   peach.

At least one Denver restaurant is having some fun with the impeachment
hearings

   Impeachmint Tea is made with fresh brewed tea, peach puree and mint,
   and the Impeachmint Julep is a traditional Julep with whiskey and
   peach.
     *

Golden’s food scene is blowing up. Here’s what you should be eating there
right now.
     *

Richard Sandoval’s Latin-Asian fusion restaurant is coming to Cherry Creek
     *

Holiday gift ideas for food lovers: These Colorado products are Good Food
Awards finalists
     *

Review: This former food truck serves wild boar Cubans and kangaroo burgers
in an old Berkeley auto shop

   View All

Season To Share

   Program participant Yomaira Flores and her ...

Westminster-based Growing Home gives away tons of food, helps families “make
it to stability”

   Fresh fruits and vegetables are piled into several stacked wire bins
   inside Growing Home's well-trafficked food pantry on a recent Wednesday
   morning. The entire load will likely be depleted by week's end. "We see
   more families in need in this area than we used to," said Miranda
   Graul, chief development officer for Growing Home, a Westminster social
   services organization that...
     *

Littleton-based Doctors Care is there for the medically underserved
     *

Colorado Youth for a Change wants to solve the state’s school-dropout crisis.
Here’s how they’re doing it.
     *

Community Food Share fills hunger gap in Boulder County and Broomfield
     *

Shots for Tots and Teens gives free vaccines at Denver-area walk-in clinics

   View All

     * Member Services
     * News Alerts

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * RSS

     * Subscribe
          + Become a Member / Subscribe
          + Place a Hold
          + Denver Post Store
          + Digital Replica Edition
     * Classifieds
          + Autos
          + Real Estate
          + Jobs
          + Today’s Ads
          + Weekly Ads
          + Daily Ads
          + Special Sections
     * Contact Us
          + Submit a News Tip
          + Member Services
          + Advertise With Us
          + MNG Network Advertising
          + Careers
          + Place an Obituary
     * Today’s Front Page
          + Back Issues
          + Archives
          + Mobile Apps

     * Copyright © 2019 MediaNews Group, Inc.
     * Privacy Policy
     * Terms of Use
     * Cookie Policy
     * Arbitration
     * Site Map
     * Ethics Policy
     * Powered by WordPress.com VIP

   Send to Email Address ____________________ Your Name
   ____________________ Your Email Address ____________________
   _________________________
   loading Send Email Cancel
   Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
   Email check failed, please try again
   Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

   (BUTTON) Close
