   #next Patternbank » Feed Patternbank » Comments Feed

     * « SHOP 60K+ DESIGNS @ PATTERNBANK STUDIO

   ____________________

   Patternbank

Spring/Summer 2021 Print & Pattern Trend – Pattern Contrast

   By Patternbank On November 12, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Strong contrasts in line and pattern are key to this Spring/Summer 2021
trend. Whether it be black and white or strong bold colour this trend packs a
punch.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

   GEOMETRIC PATTERN MIXING / DECORATIVE PAISLEY PATTERN / TREE OF LIFE
   PLACEMENTS / EXOTIC CHINTZ / CONTRAST LACE PATTERNS / BOLD TROPICAL
   SCROLLS / OVER-SCALED DAMASK PATTERN / TILED ALL OVERS / SIMPLE
   CONTRAST / ENLARGED KASHMIR PATTERN / ART DECO SCROLLS
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Catwalk Print & Pattern Trend Report

   By Patternbank On October 15, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Patternbank brings you our in-depth catwalk report, highlighting the key
Spring/Summer 2020 Print and Pattern trends from the latest New York, London,
Paris and Milan Catwalk and Runway shows. The team has gathered information
from the designer’s collections and compiled a selection of the most
prominent print looks trending for SS20 together with an insight into the
key colours for the season. This is the essential Print Catwalk analysis
trend report for every brand, designer, and studio.

     * 10 print trend stories for Spring/Summer 2020
     * Over 68 pages of inspirational print forecast intelligence
     * Over 400 on trend hand-picked images
     * Covers New York, London, Paris & Milan SS20 shows
     * The top 24 print focused shows highlighted
     * 6 colour trends for SS20

   SHOP THE REPORT – £60/€70/$75
   SHOP THE REPORT – £60/€70/$75

6 Colour Story Pages

Fall 2019 Runway Print and Pattern Show Highlights

   We’ve selected 24 of the most influential Print and Pattern focused
   shows from New York, London, Paris and Milan. These shows are not to be
   missed and are presented in easy to view format giving you the
   opportunity to use them to aid the developments of your new season
   collections.
   SHOP THE REPORT – £60/€70/$75
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Première Vision Autumn/Winter 20/21 Print & Pattern Trend Report

   By Patternbank On October 1, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

The Patternbank team travelled to Paris this September to absorb and
experience Première Vision’s Autumn/Winter 20/21 show. Along with thousands
of industry professionals, designers and students flocking to Parc d’
Expositions, the team joined the throng to gather and record the print and
pattern trend forecasts for Fall20/21.

   Explore the Full Trend Report

Puzzling Geometry | Tidy Flowers | Tinted Blooms | Toxic Mixtures | Exotic
Vegetation | New Abstract | Night-time Tropics | Obscured Nature

New Abstract

PAINTED TERRAZZO PATTERN / PAINTED ANIMAL PATTERN / SCRIBBLED ABSTRACT SHAPES
/ BRUSHED MARKS / DRAWN SKIN MIXES / ABSTRACT SPOTS / BLOTCHY LEOPARD PRINT

Night-time Tropics

DARK WOODLAND / MIDNIGHT JUNGLE / FLORAL COLOUR POPS / DARK TROPICS /
WOODLAND FLORA / JARRING COLOUR CLASHES / SKETCHED NATURE / ABSTRACT PHOTO
EFFECTS

Exotic Vegetation

INDONESIAN BATIK / SMALL SCALE INDIENNE PRINTS / AFRICAN WAX PATTERNS /
ARTISTIC LEAVES / BOLD GRAPHIC FOLIAGE / VIBRANT ETHNIC ABSTRACTS / LARGE
SCALE PAINTED PAISLEY / PSYCHEDELIC ETHNIC PRINTS

   Explore the Full Trend Report
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Tudor Times

   By Patternbank On September 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Rich floral decoration intwined with ornate letterings and stylised forest
patterns bring a new somber mood for Autumn/Winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

London Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New London SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights on the studio.
   Updates include Erdem, Toga, Ports 1961, Ashish, Matty Bovan, Victoria
   Beckham, Temperley London, House Of Holland, Richard Quinn & Preen by
   Thornton Bregazzi. Visit patternbank.com for the full report.

Erdem

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Preen by Thornton Bregazzi

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ports 1961

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   EXPLORE ALL LFW HIGHLIGHTS
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern Highlights Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On September 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   New NYFW SS20 catwalk print & pattern highlights now live. Updates
   include Anna Sui, Carolina Herrera, Coach 1941 & Oscar De La Renta.
   Visit patternbank.com to review our latest top print & pattern
   collections from New York Fashion Week SS20.

Carolina Herrera

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Oscar De La Renta

     *
     *
     *
     *

Anna Sui

     *
     *
     *
     *

Check out all the latest runway SS20 Print & Pattern highlights here!

     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Jungle Warrior

   By Patternbank On September 10, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Jungle camouflage covers in rich tonal colours bring a tropical vibe for this
Autumn/Winter 20/21 trend. Enlarged flower heads and textured leaf patterns
play alongside more formal layouts.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New York Spring/Summer 2020 Catwalk Print & Pattern Highlights

   By Patternbank On September 9, 2019 · In Catwalks

   Check out our New York Fashion Week Print & Pattern highlights on the
   studio. Key SS20 print shows so far include Tory Burch, Ulla Johnson,
   Prabal Gurung, Nicole Miller & Staud. More added daily! Our catwalk
   team will be curating the strongest Print & Pattern runway shows. Check
   the Patternbank regularly for the latest show updates. New York Fashion
   Week Highlights

Tory Burch

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Ulla Johnson

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

Nicole Miller

     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *
     *

   View all Print & Pattern SS20 Highlights from NYFW Here!
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Organised Florals

   By Patternbank On August 20, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Sophisticated floral layouts and organised border patterns reminiscent
of formal garden symmetry are the inspiration behind this Autumn/Winter 20/21
print trend.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ORGANISED BORDER PATTERNS / FLORAL AND GEOMETRIC COMBINATIONS / FORMAL GARDEN
LAYOUTS / TRADITIONAL FLORAL MOTIFS / SHAPE REPETITION / RANGOLI FLOWER
PATTERNS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Future Sci-Fi

   By Patternbank On July 30, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Futuristic shapes and textures in bold colour combinations are the new
abstract trend for autumn/winter 20/21.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

ROCK FORMATIONS / CRYSTAL STONES / GEOMETRIC MIRROR PATTERNS / FUTURISTIC
SURFACES / TRANSPARENT FORMS / SPARKLING DIAMONDS / DIGITAL COLLAGE

HOLOGRAPHIC PATTERN / SCENTIFIC SPACE / GEOMETRIC FRAGMENTS / JEWELLED
KALEIDOSCOPE / CRYSTAL FORMATIONS / 3DIMENTION / PASTEL NEONS

   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Print and Pattern Highlights from Haute Couture Fall 2019

   By Patternbank On July 12, 2019 · In Catwalks

   The Patternbank team have selected some hot picks from Fall 2019 Haute
   Couture runway shows. Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall
   2019 here.
   Viktor & Rolf Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Guo Pei’s theatrical array of eclectic costumes ranged from Renaissance
   style gowns to corseted Kimonos and from grand ecclesiastical robes to
   wide Marie Antoinette style Pannier skirts. This collection was
   cleverly connected with a neutral colour palette and were all adorned
   with intricate embellishments and structural embroideries. In stark
   contrast, colour and crafty texture were key ingredients in Viktor &
   Rolf’s Couture collection. Densely felted fabrics and patched vintage
   remnants depicted scenes and sunrises and pictorial embellished skirts
   came complete with embroidery hoops.
   Guo Pei Haute Couture Fall 2019Fendi Haute Couture Fall 2019Valentino
   Haute Couture Fall 2019

   Check out the rest of the best of Couture Fall 2019 here.
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – Horse & Hound

   By Patternbank On July 11, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts
   See by Chloe Fall 19 / Victoria Beckham Resort 20

This Autumn Winter 20/21 trend is a quirky play with all things equestrian
and our love of man’s best friend. Illustrative horse and dog motifs adorn
spacial conversational prints along side scenic paintings and sketched
monochromatic images.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   Stella McCartney Resort 2020 / Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood
   SS19

SPACIAL CONVERSATIONAL / HORSE & HOUND MOTIFS / SILHOUETTE PATTERN /
MONOCHROME SKETCHES / GALLOPING HORSES / SCENIC PLACEMENTS / QUIRKY DOG
PRINTS / DETAILED PAINTINGS / ILLUSTRATIVE PLACEMENTS

   Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood SS19 / Alejandra Alonso Rojas
   Fall 2019Burberry London Pre Fall19
   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Summer Sale 2019 / 20% OFF / 8–14 July 2019

   By Patternbank On July 8, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

   Our 2019 Summer Sale is on until 14 July with a 20% saving on
   everything on our site. This includes all Standard, Extended and
   Premium Designs. Use code SUMMER19 at checkout.

   Don’t forget to check out our new Trends area on the site for fresh
   ideas on trends and prints for the new season. Below are a selection of
   trends for Spring/Summer 2020 – view the trends for free in more detail
   here.

   Featured Design: Tropical Pattern on Dark Background With Palm Leaves
   Filled With Tropical Hibiscus Flowers by SUPERNOVA
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

New Designers Week 1 – Textile & Surface Pattern Graduate Highlights 2019

   By Patternbank On July 4, 2019 · In Featured, Print + Pattern

Patternbank brings you a snapshot of the strongest print designers seen at
the recent  New Designers Graduate show.

The Patternbank team once again had the privilege of experiencing this years
emerging talent at the New Designers Graduate show.  New Designers is the
UK’s most important graduate design exhibition, full of innovation and fresh
thinking. Week 1 of the graduate show focused on Textiles and surface pattern
design courses and was the ultimate event to spot the next wave of creative
talent to hit the industry. New Designers Week 2 is showing until this Sunday
if you are in London.

Lousie Powers – @lousurfacepattern

   © 2019 Louise Powers© 2019 Louise Powers

Leeds Art University
     __________________________________________________________________

Amber Sorayapour – @ambersorayapour

   © 2019 Amber SorayapourMore →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print & Pattern Trend – New Romantics

   By Patternbank On June 26, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Translucent coloured florals with a romantic touch are key to this trend.
Faded vintage rose prints and ice cool colours give a fresh new look.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

VINTAGE ROSE / TRANSLUCENT COLOUR / FADED PINKS / PASTEL FLORALS / DIGITAL
AND WATERCOLOURS MIXES / SPACED LAYOUTS / MODERN ROMANCE / LAYERED TEXTURE /
GREYED BACKGROUNDS

DUSKY REFLECTIONS / AGED PRINTS / DELICATE LAYERS / VINTAGE FLORAL
ARRANGEMENTS / HAND PAINTED FLORALS / ICE COOL PALETTE / PRETTY ROMANTIC

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Swimwear Micro Print & Pattern Trends – Spring/Summer 2020

   By Patternbank On June 4, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Explore five Swimwear focused print and pattern trends for Spring/Summer
2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES

Skin Deep

Animal prints and skins are a key direction for swimwear this Season. Here,
bold mixes of abstract skins and vibrant markings drive this summer trend.
     __________________________________________________________________

Tropical Brush

Tropical flowers and leaves are applied using arty brush paints to this
swimwear trend. Abstract marks and fast brush movements are drawn in vivid
colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

Retro Bloom

Drawing inspiration from the 60s & 70s florals used in vintage sun-loungers.
In this trend florals get a modern revamp with varied scale and an injection
of retro colour.
     __________________________________________________________________

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     __________________________________________________________________

Birds of a Feather

Feathered plumes in exotic colours are placed for maximum interest in this
dynamic summer trend. A psychedelic twist adds dimension and detailed
interest.
     __________________________________________________________________

On Safari

Safari themed prints and African wax jungle themes are key in this swimwear
trend for Spring / Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE STORIES
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Bird Life

   By Patternbank On May 22, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Spring/Summer 2020 is full of tropical gardens where exotic birds display
their brightly coloured plumes amongst the dense foliage.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

EXOTIC BIRDLIFE / PARROTS, COCKATOOS, TOUCANS, FLAMINGOES AND HUMMING BIRDS /
TROPICAL BACKGROUNDS / VIBRANT PLUMES / INTENSE COLOUR / JUNGLE LEAVES /
TROPICAL FLOWERS / HAND PAINTED / WATERCOLOUR BIRDS

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Solid Graffiti

   By Patternbank On May 17, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Taking inspiration from the world of graffiti, Spring/Summer 2020 takes on a
solid graphic feel in this bold, vibrant print trend.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

GRAPHIC FLOWER / SPRAY PAINT EFFECTS / SOLID COLOUR / BOLD OUTLINE / GRAFFITI
SCRAWLS / CRAYON DRAWINGS / PAINT DRIPS / SPLASHY MARKS / GRAFFITI LETTERS /
BOLD GRAPHICS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – Fruity

   By Patternbank On May 2, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Colourful fruity mixtures and fruit segments create fun tropical prints for
Spring/Summer 2020.

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY

JUICY FRUITS / CHERRIES, STRAWBERRIES, POMEGRANATES, ORANGES, LEMONS,
AVOCADOS, MANGOES, PEACHES & KIWI FRUITS / FRUIT SEGMENTS / SCATTERED REPEATS
/ SUMMER EXOTICS

COLOURFUL ARRANGEMENTS / FRUITY MIXTURES / ZESTY FRUIT PLAYS / FRUIT SALAD /
FRUIT TREES / SMALL SCALE PATTERN / VIBRANT TROPICAL FRUITS / INTERNAL FRUIT
STRUCTURES

   EXPLORE THE TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

Spring/Summer 2020 Print & Pattern Trend – African Clash

   By Patternbank On April 25, 2019 · In Trend Forecasts

Stylised florals and bold African patterns clash in bright colour combos for
this vibrant Spring/Summer 2020 story.

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY

BOLD TROPICAL FLORAL / COMPLEX GEO / VIBRANT FOLIAGE / AFRICAN SUMMER GEOS /
CLASHING PATTERN / COLOURFUL STRIPE PATTERNS

STYLISED ETHNIC / DIAMOND AND ZIG-ZAG STRIPES / CHAOTIC GEOMETRY / VIBRANT
AFRICAN PRINTS / STYLISED AFRICAN FLOWERS / AFRICAN GEO TROPICALS

   EXPLORE THIS TREND STORY
   More →
     * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
     * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
     *

   1 of 6123456Next →

     *
     * Instagram post 2137043070091544426_40142918 New Milan SS20 catwalk
       print & pattern highlights on the studio. Updates include Fendi,
       Peter Pilotto, For Restless Sleepers, Alberta Ferretti, Maryling,
       Anteprima and I’M Isola Marras. Check out the link in bio or visit
       patternbank.com #milanfashionweek #catwalk #pattern #patterns
       #patternbank #springsummer2020 #mfw New Milan SS20 catwalk print &
       pattern highlights on the studio. Updates include Fendi, Peter
       Pilotto, For Restless Sleepers, Alberta Ferretti, Maryling,
       Anteprima and I’M Isola Marras. Check out the link in bio or visit
       patternbank.com #milanfashionweek #catwalk #pattern #patterns
       #patternbank #springsummer2020 #mfw
       Instagram post 2141366958229113045_40142918 Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio Discover Lolah Studios
       beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ BIG news!! So proud
       to present - my store at @patternbank ! This is really something
       I’ve had on my wish list for some time, yaay!! 🥳💫🌟 Exclusive
       pattern designs by Lolah Studio available for licensing - link in
       profile 👈 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ #patternbank #newonpatternbank
       #textileprints #patterns #patternlicensing #surfacepatterndesign
       #exclusiveprints #patternobserver #textiledesignlab #onlinepatterns
       #womenswearprints #Repost @lolahstudio
       Instagram post 2179889877880358009_40142918 Available now
       @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ ‘Royal Bay’ now available as
       exclusive pattern @patternbank #illustration #drawing #watercolor
       #floral #botanicalillustration #botanical #blackandwhite #pattern
       #patterndesign #textiledesign #textileart #homedecor #wallpaper
       #wrappingpaper #floral #floraldesign #flowers #patternbank
       #libertyopencall #Repost @audreyrasper Available now @patternbank →
       Link in bio ・・・ ‘Royal Bay’ now available as exclusive pattern
       @patternbank #illustration #drawing #watercolor #floral
       #botanicalillustration #botanical #blackandwhite #pattern
       #patterndesign #textiledesign #textileart #homedecor #wallpaper
       #wrappingpaper #floral #floraldesign #flowers #patternbank
       #libertyopencall #Repost @audreyrasper
       Instagram post 2149474698369816836_40142918 Shop exclusively
       @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ NEW Scarf Print for #patternbank
       Organised Floral trend. Very versatile and fully transformational.
       You can use it as yardage print, or take the elements and turn it
       into a complex engineered placement. Original AI file contains all
       original elements (not crops), so you have freedom to create a
       unique look for your range. Get it from @patternbank - link in bio.
       #scarfprint #organisedfloral #bandanaprint #scarfprinttrend
       #seamlesspattern #surfaceprint #textiledesign #premiumdesign
       #alissafdna #fdnaprints #patternbank #Repost @alissafdna Shop
       exclusively @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ NEW Scarf Print for
       #patternbank Organised Floral trend. Very versatile and fully
       transformational. You can use it as yardage print, or take the
       elements and turn it into a complex engineered placement. Original
       AI file contains all original elements (not crops), so you have
       freedom to create a unique look for your range. Get it from
       @patternbank - link in bio. #scarfprint #organisedfloral
       #bandanaprint #scarfprinttrend #seamlesspattern #surfaceprint
       #textiledesign #premiumdesign #alissafdna #fdnaprints #patternbank
       #Repost @alissafdna
       Instagram post 2149467949617314997_40142918 Shop Lara Gurney’s
       prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New Forest floral design
       Available for exclusive licensing in my Patternbank shop 💕 #Repost
       @laragurneyart Shop Lara Gurney’s prints @patternbank → Link in bio
       ・・・ New Forest floral design Available for exclusive licensing in
       my Patternbank shop 💕 #Repost @laragurneyart
       Instagram post 2141370240163354114_40142918 Coming soon on Iryna
       Ruggeri’s Patternbank page. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・
       Open yourself to the dreamy surreal Oasis that’s full of magic and
       mystery... ~> My new lush design will be available to license on
       @patternbank shortly. #tropicalpattern #patternbank
       #newonpatternbank #patternbankpremium #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbankstudio #surrealart #surrealdesign #lushprinted
       #printtrend #printandpattern #wallpaper #wallpaperdecor
       #wallpaperrocks #homedecor #Repost @irynaruggeri Coming soon on
       Iryna Ruggeri’s Patternbank page. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio
       ・・・ Open yourself to the dreamy surreal Oasis that’s full of magic
       and mystery... ~> My new lush design will be available to license
       on @patternbank shortly. #tropicalpattern #patternbank
       #newonpatternbank #patternbankpremium #patternbankdesigner
       #patternbankstudio #surrealart #surrealdesign #lushprinted
       #printtrend #printandpattern #wallpaper #wallpaperdecor
       #wallpaperrocks #homedecor #Repost @irynaruggeri
       Instagram post 2160289184806619093_40142918 Gülşen Günel
       @patternbank '358-Gulsen-Orchid, Succulent and Roses Colorful
       Pattern With Black Background' now available on our @patternbank
       shop! Link in bio! Shop the design now. . . . . #patternbank
       #patternlover #newonpatternbank #printdesign #printsforsale
       #printtrends #patternofthemonth #illustration #handpainted
       #botanicalillustration #botanicallover #botanical #wildplants #art
       #printartist #summerflorals #printstudio #patterns #designstudio
       #colorcrush #textiledesign #surfacepattern #textilestudio #textiles
       Gülşen Günel @patternbank '358-Gulsen-Orchid, Succulent and Roses
       Colorful Pattern With Black Background' now available on our
       @patternbank shop! Link in bio! Shop the design now. . . . .
       #patternbank #patternlover #newonpatternbank #printdesign
       #printsforsale #printtrends #patternofthemonth #illustration
       #handpainted #botanicalillustration #botanicallover #botanical
       #wildplants #art #printartist #summerflorals #printstudio #patterns
       #designstudio #colorcrush #textiledesign #surfacepattern
       #textilestudio #textiles
       Instagram post 2147125233852053421_40142918 Première Vision
       Autumn/Winter 20/21 Print & Pattern Trend Report Now Live on the
       site. Link in Bio or visit Patternbank.com to view all 8 trends.
       #patternbank #patterndesign #textilestudio #textiledesigns #trends
       #trends2019 #trendsfall2020 #aw20 Première Vision Autumn/Winter
       20/21 Print & Pattern Trend Report Now Live on the site. Link in
       Bio or visit Patternbank.com to view all 8 trends. #patternbank
       #patterndesign #textilestudio #textiledesigns #trends #trends2019
       #trendsfall2020 #aw20
       Instagram post 2141364104206811045_40142918 Shop Teti Kartasheva’s
       amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New on
       @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern #printinspiration
       #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator  #wallpaperdecor
       #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank  #illustrationoftheday
       #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators #illustrationartist
       #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign #illustrationnow
       #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator #textiledesign
       #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco #illustratorcc
       #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost @kartasheva_illustration
       Shop Teti Kartasheva’s amazing geo prints @patternbank → Link in
       bio ・・・ New on @patternbank 🌠 ____________ #printandpattern
       #printinspiration #surfacedesign #swisstextile #swissilustrator
       #wallpaperdecor #illustrationofinstagram #newonpatternbank
       #illustrationoftheday #patternpeople #freelanceillustrators
       #illustrationartist #illustration_best #patternbank #fabricdesign
       #illustrationnow #patternaday #100daysofpatterns #swissillustrator
       #textiledesign #vectordaily #illustrationnow #fashiontrend #artdeco
       #illustratorcc #swissdesign #designculturenow #Repost
       @kartasheva_illustration
       Instagram post 2167526344723201936_40142918 Indigo Floral by Jacqui
       Slade. Shop exclusively @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ I love a
       classic blue and white palette, so fresh and clean. This gorgeous
       Indigo floral is now available to licence @patternbank . Link to my
       Patternbank store in bio
       https://patternbank.com/jacquislade/designs/631146781-indigo-floral
       https://patternbank.com/jacquislade #jacslade #surfacedesigner
       #patternbank #newonpatternbank #patternbankdesigner . . .
       #fashionprint #textiledesigner #artlicensing #makeitindesign
       #bohemian #boho #printdesign #graphicdesign #floralpattern
       #patterndesign #creativelife #bohofloral #womensfashion #resortwear
       #swimwear #textiledesign #printtrends #handmade #patternlove
       #seamlesspattern #stylist #spdcommunity #surfacepatterndesign
       #Repost @jacslade Indigo Floral by Jacqui Slade. Shop exclusively
       @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ I love a classic blue and white
       palette, so fresh and clean. This gorgeous Indigo floral is now
       available to licence @patternbank . Link to my Patternbank store in
       bio
       https://patternbank.com/jacquislade/designs/631146781-indigo-floral
       https://patternbank.com/jacquislade #jacslade #surfacedesigner
       #patternbank #newonpatternbank #patternbankdesigner . . .
       #fashionprint #textiledesigner #artlicensing #makeitindesign
       #bohemian #boho #printdesign #graphicdesign #floralpattern
       #patterndesign #creativelife #bohofloral #womensfashion #resortwear
       #swimwear #textiledesign #printtrends #handmade #patternlove
       #seamlesspattern #stylist #spdcommunity #surfacepatterndesign
       #Repost @jacslade
       Instagram post 2140109127144597300_40142918 Shop Eyvi's beautiful
       prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ A little pattern just
       uploaded to Patternbank, created using bold elements that I
       handprinted in acrylic paint. ⁣ ⁣I’m really feeling the turquoise
       colourway, but a second colour way is also provided. ⁣ ⁣Available
       as a downloadable Vector file from the premium section of
       patternbank at www.patternbank.com/eyvi ⁣ ⁣. #patterndesign
       #painted #patternrepeat #surfacepattern #surfacepatterndesign
       #textiledesign #patternbank #artinspired #abstractpattern
       #painterly #Repost @eyvistudio ⁣ ⁣ Shop Eyvi's beautiful prints
       @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ A little pattern just uploaded to
       Patternbank, created using bold elements that I handprinted in
       acrylic paint. ⁣ ⁣I’m really feeling the turquoise colourway, but a
       second colour way is also provided. ⁣ ⁣Available as a downloadable
       Vector file from the premium section of patternbank at
       www.patternbank.com/eyvi ⁣ ⁣. #patterndesign #painted
       #patternrepeat #surfacepattern #surfacepatterndesign #textiledesign
       #patternbank #artinspired #abstractpattern #painterly #Repost
       @eyvistudio ⁣ ⁣
       Instagram post 2152362592394703261_40142918 Fantasy Wild Flora by
       Punkhuri Gupta. Buy now @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ ‘Fantasy
       Wild Flora’ following the Spring/Summer 2020 print trend🌹 Print
       will be available for licensing @patternbank this week!✨ . . .
       #textiles #printedtextiles #design #fashion #fashionprint
       #fashiontextiles #designstudio #printstudio #pattern #print #trend
       #ss2020 #punkhdesignstudio #patternbank #patterndesign
       #flowerstagram #floral #inktober #inktober2019 #doodlesofinstagram
       #ditsy #ditsyprint #pansy #wildflower #flowers #retro #colourful
       #Repost @punkhdesignstudio Fantasy Wild Flora by Punkhuri Gupta.
       Buy now @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ ‘Fantasy Wild Flora’
       following the Spring/Summer 2020 print trend🌹 Print will be
       available for licensing @patternbank this week!✨ . . . #textiles
       #printedtextiles #design #fashion #fashionprint #fashiontextiles
       #designstudio #printstudio #pattern #print #trend #ss2020
       #punkhdesignstudio #patternbank #patterndesign #flowerstagram
       #floral #inktober #inktober2019 #doodlesofinstagram #ditsy
       #ditsyprint #pansy #wildflower #flowers #retro #colourful #Repost
       @punkhdesignstudio
       Instagram post 2140703451037217043_40142918 New Autumn/Winter
       2020/21 Print Trend ’Tudor Times’ is live. Check the link in our
       bio. Rich floral decoration intwined with ornate letterings and
       stylised forest patterns bring a new somber mood for Autumn/Winter
       20/21. Shop the prints on the Patternbank studio! #pattern
       #patterntrends #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #textiledesign
       #surfacepattern #falltrends2020 #tudor #2021 #patternbank New
       Autumn/Winter 2020/21 Print Trend ’Tudor Times’ is live. Check the
       link in our bio. Rich floral decoration intwined with ornate
       letterings and stylised forest patterns bring a new somber mood for
       Autumn/Winter 20/21. Shop the prints on the Patternbank studio!
       #pattern #patterntrends #Autumnwinter2020 #Fall2020 #textiledesign
       #surfacepattern #falltrends2020 #tudor #2021 #patternbank
       Instagram post 2152359770508787450_40142918 Shop Punkh Design
       Studio's beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Ditsy
       floral bunches using @winsorandnewton Inks this Inktober!🖋💖 . . .
       #punkhdesignstudio #print #printdesign #printdiaries #illustration
       #drawing #doodle #ink #fountainpen #pen #pendrawing #beach #cluster
       #florals #paint #ink #inktober #art #design #studio #pattern
       #patterndesign #inkart #inktober2019 #ditsy #abstract #bunches
       #pantone #winsorandnewton #Repost @punkhdesignstudio Shop Punkh
       Design Studio's beautiful prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・
       Ditsy floral bunches using @winsorandnewton Inks this Inktober!🖋💖 .
       . . #punkhdesignstudio #print #printdesign #printdiaries
       #illustration #drawing #doodle #ink #fountainpen #pen #pendrawing
       #beach #cluster #florals #paint #ink #inktober #art #design #studio
       #pattern #patterndesign #inkart #inktober2019 #ditsy #abstract
       #bunches #pantone #winsorandnewton #Repost @punkhdesignstudio
       Instagram post 2175526602098925646_40142918 Coming soon on Nicamo’s
       Patternbank page. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ Poetic leaves
       - with abstract prints inside - made exclusive for @patternbank . .
       . . . . #pattern #patterns #patterndesign #patternstudio
       #patternlove #surfacedesign #surfacepatterndesigner #naturepattern
       #botanicalpattern #abstractpattern #interiordesign #illustration
       #illustration #vectorpattern #fashionprint #patterndesigner
       #artlicensing #stationery #stationerypattern #nicamodesign #nicamo
       #patternbank #drawing #drawings #textiledesigner #fabricdesigner
       #naturepattern #botanicalpattern #dutchdesign #colourpalettes
       #printstudio #graphicdesign #Repost @nicamodesign Coming soon on
       Nicamo’s Patternbank page. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・
       Poetic leaves - with abstract prints inside - made exclusive for
       @patternbank . . . . . . #pattern #patterns #patterndesign
       #patternstudio #patternlove #surfacedesign #surfacepatterndesigner
       #naturepattern #botanicalpattern #abstractpattern #interiordesign
       #illustration #illustration #vectorpattern #fashionprint
       #patterndesigner #artlicensing #stationery #stationerypattern
       #nicamodesign #nicamo #patternbank #drawing #drawings
       #textiledesigner #fabricdesigner #naturepattern #botanicalpattern
       #dutchdesign #colourpalettes #printstudio #graphicdesign #Repost
       @nicamodesign
       Instagram post 2176206734765682733_40142918 Modernpalmcamo by
       Susanna Nousiainen. Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New
       @patternbank #patternbank #patterndesigners #patterns
       #patterndesigning #newonpatternbank #Repost
       @susanna_nousiainen_patterns Modernpalmcamo by Susanna Nousiainen.
       Shop @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ New @patternbank #patternbank
       #patterndesigners #patterns #patterndesigning #newonpatternbank
       #Repost @susanna_nousiainen_patterns
       Instagram post 2175557073541498783_40142918 New Spring/Summer 2021
       Print Trend ’Pattern Contrast’ is now live on our site. Check the
       link in our bio or visit Patternbank. Strong contrasts in line and
       pattern are key to this Spring/Summer 2021 trend. Whether it be
       black and white or strong bold colour this trend packs a punch.
       #pattern #patterntrends #Springsummer2021 #Spring2021 #Summer2021
       #2021 #SS21 #textiledesign #surfacepattern #Summertrends2021
       #womenswearr #florals #2021 #patternbank #Spring2021 #black #white
       New Spring/Summer 2021 Print Trend ’Pattern Contrast’ is now live
       on our site. Check the link in our bio or visit Patternbank. Strong
       contrasts in line and pattern are key to this Spring/Summer 2021
       trend. Whether it be black and white or strong bold colour this
       trend packs a punch. #pattern #patterntrends #Springsummer2021
       #Spring2021 #Summer2021 #2021 #SS21 #textiledesign #surfacepattern
       #Summertrends2021 #womenswearr #florals #2021 #patternbank
       #Spring2021 #black #white
       Instagram post 2155912057042909043_40142918 New Textured Leopard
       Skin by Vidhi Chaudhary. Buy now @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ My
       first and new leopard skin artwork pattern available on
       @patternbank Link in bio...Go and check now!! #patternbank
       #newonpatternbank #animalskin #skinpattern #leopardpattern #artist
       #artwork #patterbankdesigner #photoshopdesigners #patterndesigners
       #surfacepatterns #surfacepatterncommunity #textileprint
       #designersociety #surfacepattern #designer #Repost @vidhi_design
       New Textured Leopard Skin by Vidhi Chaudhary. Buy now @patternbank
       → Link in bio ・・・ My first and new leopard skin artwork pattern
       available on @patternbank Link in bio...Go and check now!!
       #patternbank #newonpatternbank #animalskin #skinpattern
       #leopardpattern #artist #artwork #patterbankdesigner
       #photoshopdesigners #patterndesigners #surfacepatterns
       #surfacepatterncommunity #textileprint #designersociety
       #surfacepattern #designer #Repost @vidhi_design
       Instagram post 2179889271308468514_40142918 Beautiful work. Shop
       Audrey Rasper’s prints @patternbank → Link in bio ・・・ ‘Royal Bay’
       work in progress #illustration #drawing #ink #art #artoninstagram
       #blackandwhite #pattern #patterndesign #textiledesign #textileart
       #homedecor #motif #floral #botanical #botanicalillustration
       #wallpaper #libertyopencall #patternbank #Repost @audreyrasper
       Beautiful work. Shop Audrey Rasper’s prints @patternbank → Link in
       bio ・・・ ‘Royal Bay’ work in progress #illustration #drawing #ink
       #art #artoninstagram #blackandwhite #pattern #patterndesign
       #textiledesign #textileart #homedecor #motif #floral #botanical
       #botanicalillustration #wallpaper #libertyopencall #patternbank
       #Repost @audreyrasper
       Instagram post 2155265974449111529_40142918 Spring/Summer 2020
       Catwalk Print & Pattern Trend Report now live. Shop the report -
       link in bio or visit Patternbank.com #spring2020 #catwalk2020
       #Lfw20 Mfw20 #NYFW20 #runwaytrends2020 #spring20 #SS20
       #textiledesign #pattern #patternbank #surfacepattern #textilestudio
       #runwaytrends #print #trends #catwalkshow #Spring #summer
       #trends2020 #colour #colortrends #design #trendforecast
       #trendreport #runwaycollection #printandpattern Spring/Summer 2020
       Catwalk Print & Pattern Trend Report now live. Shop the report -
       link in bio or visit Patternbank.com #spring2020 #catwalk2020
       #Lfw20 Mfw20 #NYFW20 #runwaytrends2020 #spring20 #SS20
       #textiledesign #pattern #patternbank #surfacepattern #textilestudio
       #runwaytrends #print #trends #catwalkshow #Spring #summer
       #trends2020 #colour #colortrends #design #trendforecast
       #trendreport #runwaycollection #printandpattern
       Follow Patternbank on Instagram
     * Close and accept
       Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use
       this website, you agree to their use.
       To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
       Cookie Policy

     * This blog claims no credit for any images posted on this site
       unless otherwise noted and are copyright to its respectful owners.
       If there is an image on this blog that belongs to you and do not
       wish for it appear on this site, please email hello@patternbank.com
       and it will be removed.
     * © 2019 Patternbank Ltd. All rights reserved
