   [track?event_type=PAGE_VIEW&noscript=1]
   [tr?id=233793277040432&ev=PageView&noscript=1] #The Nation » Feed The
   Nation » Comments Feed The Nation » Home Comments Feed alternate
   alternate

   IFRAME: https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-54LKCF3

   Ad Policy

   Skip to content

     * Facebook
     * Twitter
     * Instagram
     * Donate
     * Log In

     * Opp-Art: Dispatches from the resistance
     * Migrant Voices
     * Podcasts

     * The Nation The Nation
     *
          + Politics
          + World
          + Climate
          + Culture
          + Shop
     *
          + Current Issue
          + Newsletters
          + Subscribe
          + Search

   ____________________

   Toggle Menu

The Nation

   Log In
     * fb
     * tw
     * mail
     * msg
     * wa
     * sms

     * Politics
     * World
     * Climate
     * Culture
     * Shop

     * Subscribe
     * Current Issue
     * Newsletters
     *
     * Donate
     * Log In

   Facebook Twitter Instagram
   ____________________ Submit

   By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more
   information, visit our Privacy Policy (BUTTON) X

Log In

   ____________________ Email *
   ____________________ Password *
   [X]
   Remember Me
   Forgot Your Password?
   (BUTTON) Log In loader
   New to The Nation? Subscribe
   Print subscriber? Activate your online access

Bolivia’s Coup Is Still Happening

Everything you wanted to know about Bolivian politics, but were afraid to
ask.

   Zeeshan Aleem
     __________________________________________________________________

Political Figures

Jeffrey Epstein Isn’t Going Away

In the absence of a full reckoning, conspiracy theories about Epstein fester
and allow the far right to exploit the popular mistrust of elites.

   Jeet Heer

History

Secret US Intelligence Files Provide History’s Verdict on Argentina’s Dirty
War

Recently declassified documents constitute a gruesome and sadistic catalog of
state terrorism.

   Peter Kornbluh

Sports

Colin Kaepernick Refused to Bend to Roger Goodell’s Will

The quarterback remade the NFL’s hastily called league-wide tryout and
demanded transparency.

   Dave Zirin

   Ad Policy

Latest from The Nation

Today 7:30 am Music

The Songs of Canceled Men

A new book revisits the lives of artists like James Brown, Elvis Presley, and
Frank Sinatra and asks how music criticism can reckon with the lives of
immoral artists.

Joe Bucciero

Today 7:00 am LGBTQ Activism

Surviving Indonesia’s Antigay Clampdown

Nicole Einbinder and Gabriela Bhaskar

Today 6:30 am Fiction

Ted Chiang’s Sci-Fi Goes Beyond the Promise of Technology

Stephen Kearse

Today 6:00 am Bernie Sanders

Bernie Sanders Is Changing Progressive Politics

Today 6:00 am Civil Unrest

A Deadly Game of Chicken in Iraq and Lebanon

Today 4:30 am Inequality

We Asked the 2020 Contenders How They Plan to Tackle Inequality

Yesterday 3:00 pm Climate Change

The Pentagon Is Not Ready to Face Our Biggest National Security Threat

Yesterday 10:00 am Climate Change

Can ‘Climate Sanctions’ Save the Planet?

Yesterday 8:00 am

Sign of the Times

Yesterday 7:30 am Film

Mati Diop’s ‘Atlantics’ Is a Startling Study of Power

   Ad Policy

Politics

How Will Trump Reshape the Middle East?

If he follows through on his erratic statements, he could manage to alienate
Russia, the Gulf monarchies, the EU, and Iran.

   Juan Cole

Attempted Bribery Is Bribery

The Constitution’s authors had an understanding of bribery that legal
scholars say “not only encompasses Trump’s conduct—it practically defines
it.”

   John Nichols

Yang Doesn’t Add Up

The presidential candidate is great at identifying problems, but his policy
proposals need a lot of work.

   John Nichols

The Inquiry

Stop Comparing the Trump Impeachment Probe to Watergate

Our obsession with looking backward makes it seem we’re afraid to look
forward.

   Joan Walsh

Impeachment Hearing Republicans Confirm There Is No Defense for Donald Trump

And they’re continuing to make themselves and their party an American
abomination.

   John Nichols

5 Ways to Debunk the GOP’s Defense of Donald Trump

The Republican anti-impeachment arguments are weak but pernicious. Here’s how
to counter them.

   Elie Mystal

Nation Voices

   Jeet Heer

Jeet Heer

Jeffrey Epstein Isn’t Going Away

   Read More Jeet Heer >
   Katrina vanden Heuvel

Katrina vanden Heuvel

From the Hope of 1989 to a New Cold War

   Read More Katrina vanden Heuvel >
   Elie Mystal

Elie Mystal

5 Ways to Debunk the GOP’s Defense of Donald Trump

   Read More Elie Mystal >
   Sarah Leonard

Sarah Leonard

An Economy for the Whole Family

   Read More Sarah Leonard >
   Atossa Araxia Abrahamian

Atossa Araxia Abrahamian

How to Not Waste the Next Economic Crisis

   Read More Atossa Araxia Abrahamian >

Editor's Picks

The Chicago Teachers Strike Was a Lesson in 21st-Century Organizing

   Sarah Jaffe

My Friend’s Husband Joined the Racist Brexit Party. Help!

   Liza Featherstone

world

Lula’s Free, and He’s Promising to Fight

The former president will boost Brazil’s left, but will he also help unite
the far right?

   Michael Fox

The EU’s Shame Is Locked Away in Libya

Incarcerated refugees wrote on mattresses with tomato paste: “We condemn EU
policy on innocent detainee refugees in Libya.”

   Jérôme Tubiana

Bolivia’s Anti-Indigenous Backlash Is Growing

The ouster of President Evo Morales has reignited the country’s long-standing
racism against its indigenous peoples.

   Jacquelyn Kovarik

From the Magazine

     *

November 25, 2019, Issue
          + Editorial
         Joe Biden: An Anti-Endorsement
             By The Nation
          + Feature
         How to Not Waste the Next Economic Crisis
             By Atossa Araxia Abrahamian
          + Books & the Arts
         Did the New Deal Need FDR?
             By Kim Phillips-Fein
       See Full Issue
       Subscribe to The Nation
     *

November 11/18, 2019, Issue
          + Editorial
         Trump’s Kurdish Betrayal Gives Peace a Bad Name
             By Robert L. Borosage
          + Column
         Brexit Fatigue Is No Reason to Leave the EU
             By Gary Younge
          + Books & the Arts
         What Is Living and What Is Dead in John Rawls’s Theory of
            Justice?
             By Seyla Benhabib
       See Full Issue
       Subscribe to The Nation
     *

GET UNLIMITED DIGITAL ACCESS FOR LESS THAN $3 A MONTH!
       Subscribe Today
     *

October 28/November 4, 2019, Issue
          + Feature
         How Boris Johnson Fell For America
             By Jon Allsop
          + Feature
         SCOTUS Is Back in Session and Cruelty Is on the Docket
             By Elie Mystal
          + Books & the Arts
         The Absurdist Imaginings of ‘Los Espookys’
             By Julyssa Lopez
       See Full Issue
       Subscribe to The Nation
     *

October 21, 2019, Issue
          + Editorial
         Labour’s Big Gamble on Brexit
             By Rachel Shabi
          + Column
         A Sexual Assault Memoir Women Deserve
             By Katha Pollitt
          + Feature
         The ‘Public Option’ on Health Care Is a Poison Pill
             By David U. Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler
       See Full Issue
       Subscribe to The Nation

Signal:Noise

Immigration Policy

Trump’s ‘Remain in Mexico’ Policy Isn’t Just Cruel, It’s Illegal

As the administration continues its war on asylum seekers, a former asylum
officer says forcing applicants to wait in Mexican camps violates
international law.

   Sasha Abramsky

Corporate Power

Globalization

The UN Goes to Davos

Corporate influence over the humanitarian sector has a long and compromised
history. Call it UN, Inc.

   Maria Hengeveld

Culture

Liz Phair on Everyday ‘Horror Stories’

The Grammy-nominated musician speaks to The Nation about her new memoir.

   Dave Zirin

How Should We Remember the Puritans?

In his new book, Daniel Rodgers not only offers a close reading of Puritan
history but also seeks to rescue their early critique of market economy.

   Andrew Delbanco

Mati Diop’s ‘Atlantics’ Is a Startling Study of Power

As the contemporary film landscape heralds the coming of a class war, Diop’s
beautiful movie reckons with capital and labor in groundbreaking fashion.

   Namwali Serpell

Watch and Listen

Listen: Sherrod Brown: How to Beat Trump

Listen: Barbara Lee Is Proud to be the Progressive OG

The House’s steadiest advocate for peace knows what it takes to stand up for
your ideals.

November 12, 2019

Listen: The Hidden History of the 1936 US Olympic Basketball Team

Author Andrew Maraniss joins the show to talk about his new book, Games of
Deception.

November 12, 2019

View: More Than a Wall: Photos of 30 Years of Life Along the US-Mexico Border

Successive US administrations have sought to turn the borderlands into a land
of death—but these photos prove it is very much a land of the living.

September 12, 2019

   See All Multimedia >

   Ad Policy

the next recession

We Need a Green Bailout for the People

Here’s what the government should demand when the economy tumbles and Wall
Street comes begging.

   Kate Aronoff

How to Not Waste the Next Economic Crisis

A downturn will (eventually) come—and with it, a once-in-a-generation
opportunity to transform the US economy.

   Atossa Araxia Abrahamian

Make Antitrust Democratic Again!

The response to the next recession should put economic power back in the
hands of the people.

   Sanjukta Paul and Sandeep Vaheesan

columnists

   Eric Alterman

Eric Alterman

Why Facebook Is Soliciting Lies

   Read More Eric Alterman  >
   Patricia J. Williams

Patricia J. Williams

Stop Getting Married on Plantations

   Read More Patricia J. Williams  >
   Gary Younge

Gary Younge

Brexit Fatigue Is No Reason to Leave the EU

   Read More Gary Younge  >
   Laila Lalami

Laila Lalami

What It Feels Like to Be Watched

   Read More Laila Lalami  >

   Election 2018 Nevada Voters

Take Action

Take Action Now: Protect Voting Rights

Tell your representatives to reinstate key voter protections, and head to the
polls on election day to help guard against assaults on voters’ rights.

   Take action now >
   x

The Nation

Follow The Nation

     *
     *
     *
     *

Get Email Updates

   Sign up for our free daily newsletter, along with occasional offers for
   programs that support our journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy
   here.
   ____________________ [BUTTON Input] (not implemented)______

Sections

     * Politics
     * World
     * Economy
     * Culture
     * Society
     * Environment
     * Take Action

The Nation

     * About
     * Privacy Policy
     * Advertise
     * Comments Policy
     * Contact Us
     * Help
     * Jobs and Internships
     * Support The Nation
     * Nation Shop
     * Nation Travels
     * Nation Cruise
     * Nation Wine Club
     * Nation Classroom

Magazine

     * Current Issue
     * Masthead
     * Archive
     * Subscribe
     * Gift Subscriptions
     * Academic Rate
     * Subscription Services
     * Reprints

   Copyright (c) 2019 The Nation Company LLC
